Document
Exhibit 99.1
Apple reports third quarter results
June quarter records for total company revenue, iPhone revenue and EPS
Services revenue reaches new all-time high
CUPERTINO, CALIFORNIA — Apple
®
today announced financial results for its fiscal 2025 third quarter ended June 28, 2025. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $94.0 billion, up 10 percent year over year, and quarterly diluted earnings per share of $1.57, up 12 percent year over year.
“Today Apple is proud to report a June quarter revenue record with double-digit growth in iPhone, Mac and Services and growth around the world, in every geographic segment,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “At WWDC25, we were excited to introduce a beautiful new software design that extends across all of our platforms, and we announced even more great Apple Intelligence features.”
“We are very pleased with our record business performance for the June quarter, which generated EPS growth of 12 percent,” said Kevan Parekh, Apple’s CFO. “Our installed base of active devices also reached a new all-time high across all product categories and geographic segments, thanks to our very high levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty.”
Apple’s board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.26 per share of the Company’s common stock. The dividend is payable on August 14, 2025 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 11, 2025.
Apple will provide live streaming of its Q3 2025 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PT on July 31, 2025, at apple.com/investor/earnings-call. The webcast will be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter.
Apple periodically provides information for investors on its corporate website, apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, reports filed or furnished with the SEC, information on corporate governance, and details related to its annual meeting of shareholders.
This press release contains