Exhibit 99.2 ROBBINS LLP BRIAN J. ROBBINS (190624) brobbins@robbinsllp.com CRAIG W. SMITH (164886) csmith@robbinsllp.com 5060 Shoreham Place, Suite 300 San Diego, CA 92122 Telephone: (619) 525-3990 Facsimile: (619) 525-399 WEISS LAW LLP Joel E. Elkins jelkins@weisslawllp.com David C. Katz (admitted Pro Hac Vice ) dkatz@weisslawllp.com 1500 Broadway, 16th Floor New York, NY 10036 Telephone: (212) 682-3025 Facsimile: (212) 682-3010 Co-Lead Counsel for Federal Plaintiffs UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA OAKLAND DIVISION IN RE APPLE INC. STOCKHOLDER DERIVATIVE LITIGATION Case No. 4:19-cv-05153-YGR AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE - - 1 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE This Amended Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise, Settlement, and Release dated as of April 29, 2024 (the “Stipulation”), is entered into by and among (a) plaintiffs and intervening plaintiffs in the above-captioned stockholder derivative action (the “Federal Action”) pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, Oakland Division (the “Federal Court”), styled as In re Apple Inc. Stockholder Derivative Litigation , Case No. 4:19-cv- 05153-YGR: Terrence Zehrer, derivatively on behalf of Apple Inc. (“Apple”); Andrew Fine, Tammy Federman SEP/IRA, and The Rosenfeld Family Foundation, derivatively on behalf of Apple; and John Votto, derivatively on behalf of Apple (collectively, the “Federal Plaintiffs”); (b) plaintiffs in the stockholder derivative action pending in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara (the “California Court”), styled as In re Apple Inc. Stockholder Derivative Litigation , Lead Case No. 19CV355213 (the “California Action”): Tim Himstreet, derivatively on behalf of Apple; and Steven Hill, derivatively on behalf of Apple (collectively, the “California Plaintiffs”); (c) Apple shareholders Augustin Sacks and Gerard Bernales, who made a litigation demand on Apple’s board of directors (the “Demanding Shareholders” and, together with the Federal Plaintiffs and California Plaintiffs, “Plaintiffs”); (d) defendants in the Federal Action and/or the California Action: Timothy D. Cook; Luca Maestri; Craig Federighi; Arthur D. Levinson; Albert Gore, Jr.; Andrea Jung; James A. Bell; Ronald D. Sugar; Robert A. Iger; and Susan L. Wagner (collectively, “Defendants”); and (e) nominal defendant Apple (“Nominal Defendant,” “Apple,” or the “Company” and, together with Plaintiffs and Defendants, the “Parties”), by and through their respective undersigned counsel. This Stipulation supersedes, and renders null and void, the Stipulation of Settlement dated February 8, 2024. Subject to the approval of the Federal Court and the terms and conditions expressly provided herein, this Stipulation is intended to fully, finally, and forever settle the Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims as against the Released Defendants’ Parties, as those capitalized terms are defined below. FEDERAL COURT PROCEEDINGS WHEREAS, on August 19, 2019, an Apple stockholder commenced a stockholder derivative action in Federal Court captioned as Zehrer v. Cook, et al. , Case No. 4:19-cv-05153 (the “ Zehrer Action”) against defendants Cook, Maestri, Federighi, Levinson, Gore, Jung, Bell, Sugar, Iger, and Wagner alleging, among other things, that Defendants breached their fiduciary duties (i) by causing or allowing the Company to address the effects of aging iPhone batteries by disseminating iOS software updates designed to slow iPhone performance without customer knowledge or consent in violation of consumer protection laws and regulations in domestic and international markets, and (ii) by making false and misleading statements to investors about the effects of aging iPhone batteries on iPhone sales growth and about iPhone demand in the Greater China region; - - 2 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE WHEREAS, on September 20, 2019, plaintiffs Andrew Fine, Tammy Federman SEP/IRA, and The Rosenfeld Family Foundation, commenced a derivative action in Federal Court captioned as Fine, et al. v. Cook, et al. , Case No. 4:9-cv-05863 (the “ Fine Action”) asserting claims similar to the Zehrer Action, as well as claims for violation of the federal securities laws, based on the same facts and circumstances alleged in the Zehrer Action; WHEREAS, on September 20, 2019, plaintiff Alan Bankhalter commenced a derivative action in Federal Court captioned as Bankhalter v. Cook, et al. , Case No. 4:19-cv-05881 (the “ Bankhalter Action”) asserting claims similar to the Zehrer Action, as well as claims for violation of the federal securities laws, based on the same facts and circumstances alleged in the Zehrer Action; WHEREAS, on September 20, 2019, plaintiff John Votto commenced a derivative action in Federal Court captioned as Votto v. Cook, et al. , Case No. 4:19-cv-08246 (the “ Votto Action”) asserting claims similar to the Zehrer Action, as well as claims for violation of the federal securities laws, based on the same facts and circumstances alleged in the Zehrer Action; WHEREAS, on March 6, 2020, the parties filed a stipulation to consolidate the Zehrer Action, Fine Action, Bankhalter Action, and Votto Action and to appoint lead counsel; WHEREAS, on March 11, 2020, the Federal Court entered an order relating the Zehrer Action, Fine Action, Bankhalter Action, and Votto Action and consolidating the actions (hereafter, the “Federal Action”); WHEREAS, on April 14, 2020, Bankhalter filed a motion to appoint Pritzker Levine LLP and Gainey McKenna & Egleston as interim co-lead counsel; WHEREAS, on April 14, 2020, plaintiffs Terrence Zehrer, Andrew Fine, Tammy Federman SEP/IRA, and The Rosenfeld Family Foundation filed a motion to appoint Robbins LLP and Weiss Law LLP as co-lead counsel for all derivative plaintiffs in the Federal Action (“Lead Counsel Motion”); - - 3 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE WHEREAS, on June 29, 2020, following briefing on the competing lead counsel motions, the Federal Court granted plaintiffs Terrence Zehrer, Andrew Fine, Tammy Federman SEP/IRA, and The Rosenfeld Family Foundation’s Lead Counsel Motion; WHEREAS, on July 1, 2020, plaintiff Bankhalter filed a notice for voluntary dismissal of the Bankhalter Action, which the Federal Court granted on July 6, 2020; WHEREAS, on August 11, 2020, the parties to the Federal Action filed a stipulation and proposed order to stay the Federal Action pending resolution of the motion to dismiss the related federal securities class action pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, Oakland Division, In re Apple Inc. Securities Litigation , Case No. 4:19-cv-02033- YGR (the “Federal Securities Action”), subject to Federal Plaintiffs’ rights to file a consolidated complaint and to seek to inspect the Company’s books and records pursuant to California Corporations Code section 1601, and to the parties’ obligation to meet and confer regarding Federal Plaintiffs’ participation in any mediation and any discovery conducted in connection with the Federal Securities Action, which the Federal Court granted on August 18, 2020; WHEREAS, on January 21, 2021, following the partial denial of the motion to dismiss the related Federal Securities Action, the parties to the Federal Action filed a stipulation and proposed order to extend the stay of the Federal Action until 30 days following the close of fact discovery in the Federal Securities Action, subject to the Company’s commitment to participate in a mediation of the derivative claims in the event of any mediation in the Federal Securities Action or other action arising from the same or similar facts; designation of the board of directors as constituted on August 19, 2019, as the relevant set of directors for purposes of evaluating Federal Plaintiffs’ demand futility allegations; and preservation of Federal Plaintiffs’ right to file a consolidated amended complaint, which the Federal Court granted on January 25, 2021; WHEREAS, on May 31, 2022, the parties to the Federal Action filed a stipulation and proposed order to continue the stay of the Federal Action subject to substantially similar terms and conditions, which the Federal Court granted on June 7, 2022; - - 4 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE WHEREAS, on August 15, 2022, the parties to the Federal Action filed a stipulation and proposed order to continue the stay of the Federal Action subject to substantially similar terms and conditions, which the Federal Court granted on August 17, 2022; WHEREAS, on October 14, 2022, the parties to the Federal Action filed a stipulation to continue the stay of the Federal Action subject to substantially similar terms and conditions, which the Federal Court granted on October 14, 2022; WHEREAS, after meeting and conferring regarding a proposed schedule for further proceedings following the February 1, 2023 expiration of the preceding stay, on March 20, 2023, the parties to the Federal Action filed a stipulation to set a briefing schedule for Nominal Defendant Apple’s motion to dismiss the action under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23.1, which the Federal Court granted on March 27, 2023; WHEREAS, on May 19, 2023, the parties to the Federal Action filed a stipulation extending Federal Plaintiffs’ time to complete their ongoing investigation of matters relevant to their allegations and to file their consolidated complaint, which the Federal Court granted on May 23, 2023; WHEREAS, on October 5, 2023, the parties to the Federal Action filed a stipulation advising the Federal Court that they had executed a memorandum of understanding to settle the litigation, and commenced negotiations regarding formal stipulation of settlement to be presented for the Federal Court’s approval; WHEREAS, pursuant to the Federal Court’s October 26, 2023 Order Setting Compliance Deadline, on November 17, 2023, the parties to the Federal Action further advised the Federal Court regarding the status of their negotiations regarding a stipulation of settlement and all exhibits thereto; WHEREAS, on November 20, 2023, the Federal Court entered an Order Setting Compliance Deadline Re: Settlement, requiring the filing of a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement or a joint statement explaining any noncompliance on or before January 26, 2024; - - 5 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE WHEREAS, pursuant to the Federal Court’s November 20, 2023 Order Setting Compliance Deadline, on January 16, 2024, the parties to the Federal Action further advise the Federal Court regarding the status of their negotiations regarding a stipulation of settlement and all exhibits thereto; and WHEREAS, on January 19, 2024, the Federal Court entered an Order Setting Compliance Deadline Re: Settlement, requiring the filing of a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement or a joint statement explaining any noncompliance on or before March 8, 2024; CALIFORNIA COURT PROCEEDINGS WHEREAS, on September 17, 2019, plaintiff Tim Himstreet filed a derivative action in California Court captioned as Himstreet v. Cook, et al. , Case No. 19CV355213 (the “ Himstreet Action”) asserting claims similar to those raised in the Federal Action; WHEREAS, on September 30, 2019, the parties to the Himstreet Action filed a stipulation and proposed order to stay the Himstreet Action on terms similar to those in the Federal Action, which the California Court granted on October 1, 2019; WHEREAS, on March 11, 2020, the parties to the Himstreet Action filed a stipulation to continue the stay of the Himstreet Action, which the California Court granted on March 11, 2020; WHEREAS, on August 12, 2020, the parties to the Himstreet Action filed a stipulation to continue the stay of the Himstreet Action, which the California Court granted on August 13, 2020; WHEREAS, on August 17, 2020, plaintiff Steven Hill filed a derivative action in California Court captioned as Hill v. Cook, et al. , 20CV369387 (the “ Hill Action”) asserting claims similar to those raised in the Federal Action; WHEREAS, on November 16, 2020, the California Court entered an order consolidating the Himstreet Action and Hill Action (hereafter, the “California Action”) and continuing the case management conferences in the respective actions; WHEREAS, on January 21, 2021, the California Court ordered to extend the stay of the California Action; - - 6 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE WHEREAS, on February 10, 2022, the California Court ordered to continue the case management conference; WHEREAS, on May 5, 2022, the California Court ordered to continue the case management conference for the California Action; WHEREAS, on July 1, 2022, the California Court ordered to continue the stay of the California Action and continue the case management conference; WHEREAS, on October 6, 2022, the California Court ordered to continue the stay of the California Action and continue the case management conference; WHEREAS, on February 14, 2023, the California Court ordered to continue the case management conference for the California Action; and WHEREAS, on March 24, 2023, the California Court ordered to continue the case management conference for the California Action and ordered that the discovery and responsive pleading stay remain in place pending further order of the California Court; SHAREHOLDER LITIGATION DEMAND WHEREAS, on November 13, 2018, the Demanding Shareholders made a litigation demand on Apple’s board of directors asserting claims similar to those raised in the Federal Action (the “Demand”); and WHEREAS, on December 9, 2018, Apple’s board formed an advisory Demand Evaluation Committee (“DEC”) to review and investigate the Demand, with the advice of independent counsel, and report back to the full board concerning its conclusions and recommendations; THE PARTIES REACHED THE SETTLEMENT THROUGH MEDIATOR FACILITATED ARM’S-LENGTH NEGOTIATIONS WHEREAS, the Parties agreed to participate in a mediation session on January 31, 2022, before (Hon.) Layn Phillips of Phillips ADR (the “Mediator”), a nationally recognized mediator with extensive experience mediating complex shareholder disputes similar to the Actions; - - 7 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE WHEREAS, on January 28, 2022, the plaintiffs in the Federal Action and California Action submitted a mediation statement, made a settlement demand on Defendants, and requested certain documents, which Defendants agreed to provide; WHEREAS, the Parties did not reach an agreement resolving the derivative litigation during the January 31, 2022 mediation session, but agreed to continue their settlement discussions under the aegis of the Mediator; WHEREAS, counsel for the Parties participated in another, in-person mediation session before the Mediator on April 6, 2023. At the mediation session, the Parties engaged in discussions regarding the strengths and weaknesses of the claims and defenses at issue, both indirectly through the Mediator and directly in joint sessions attended by counsel for the Parties and the relevant insurers. During the joint sessions, the Company provided detailed confidential information regarding the technical and practical considerations that drove its decision-making with respect to the iOS performance management updates. The parties debated their competing views of the essential facts, legal claims and defenses, and the broad range of possible litigation outcomes. The parties also discussed a range of remedial options and were able to agree on a set of principles and target areas for corporate governance enhancements to flesh out through further negotiations; WHEREAS, the Parties continued their mediation efforts for several months following the April 2023 in-person mediation session, during which the Parties exchanged written proposals and counter proposals with the assistance and guidance of the Mediator; WHEREAS, the Parties ultimately reached an agreement in principle on the material substantive consideration for the Settlement, and negotiated the terms of a written memorandum of understanding outlining the essential terms and conditions for the release of all claims asserted in the Actions in consideration for Apple’s agreement to adopt, implement, and/or maintain the corporate governance and oversight enhancements as set forth in Exhibit A hereto (the “Enhancements”); WHEREAS, after reaching agreement on the substantive material terms of the Settlement, the Parties commenced negotiations facilitated by the Mediator regarding reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses to be paid to Plaintiffs’ Counsel, subject to Court approval, in consideration for the substantial benefits conferred upon Apple and its shareholders by the Settlement; and - - 8 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE WHEREAS, this Stipulation (together with the exhibits hereto), which has been duly executed by the undersigned signatories on behalf of their respective clients, reflects the final and binding agreement by and among the Parties; THE PARTIES AGREE THE SETTLEMENT CONFERS SUBSTANTIAL BENEFITS AND SERVES THE BEST INTERESTS OF APPLE AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS WHEREAS, Plaintiffs brought their claims in good faith and continue to believe that their claims have merit but, based upon Plaintiffs’ and Plaintiffs’ Counsel’s investigation and prosecution of the Actions, Plaintiffs and Plaintiffs’ Counsel have concluded that the terms and conditions of this Stipulation are fair, reasonable, and adequate, and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders; WHEREAS, based on Plaintiffs’ oversight of the prosecution of this matter and with the advice of their counsel, Plaintiffs have agreed to settle and release the claims asserted in the Actions pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Stipulation, after considering (a) the substantial benefits conferred upon Apple and its shareholders through the corporate governance protections provided under the proposed Settlement; and (b) the desirability of guaranteeing those benefits by permitting the Settlement to be consummated as provided by the terms of this Stipulation, and avoiding the uncertainties, delays, costs, and substantial risks entailed in further litigation; WHEREAS, Defendants have denied, and continue to deny, that they committed, or aided and abetted in the commission of, any violation of law or duty or engaged in any wrongful acts whatsoever, including specifically those alleged in the Actions, and expressly maintain that they have complied with their statutory, fiduciary, and other legal duties, and that at all relevant times they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in the best interests of Apple and its shareholders; - - 9 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE WHEREAS, Defendants have also taken into account the burden, expense, and uncertainties inherent in further litigation, and have therefore determined that it is in the best interests of the Company for the Actions to be settled in the manner and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Stipulation; WHEREAS, the Board, including each of its independent, non-employee directors (including the members of the DEC), advised by outside counsel for the Company, has unanimously approved a resolution reflecting the Board’s determination, in the good faith exercise of its business judgment, that the Settlement confers substantial benefits upon Apple and its shareholders, and that the Settlement and each of its terms are fair and reasonable and serve the best interests of Apple and its shareholders; and WHEREAS, each of the Parties recognizes and acknowledges that the Actions have been initiated, filed, and prosecuted by Plaintiffs in good faith and defended by Defendants in good faith, that the Actions are being voluntarily settled with the advice of counsel, and that the terms of the Settlement are fair, reasonable, and adequate. NOW THEREFORE, IT IS STIPULATED AND AGREED , by and among the Parties, by and through their respective undersigned counsel, in consideration of the benefits flowing from the Settlement, that all Settled Claims (as defined below) shall be and hereby are fully and finally settled, compromised, and released, and that the claims against Defendants in the Derivative Actions shall be dismissed with prejudice, upon and subject to the terms and conditions of this Stipulation, as follows: CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 1. As used in this Stipulation and all exhibits attached hereto and made a part hereof, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: (a) “Actions” or “Derivative Actions” means the Federal Action, the California Action, and the Demand. (b) “Apple,” “Nominal Defendant,” or the “Company” means Apple Inc. - - 10 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE (c) “Apple’s Counsel” means the law firm of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP (d) “Board” means Apple’s Board of Directors. (e) “California Action” means the shareholder derivative action captioned In re Apple Inc. Stockholder Derivative Litigation, Lead Case No. 19CV355213, pending in California Court. (f) “California Complaints” means the Verified Shareholder Derivative Complaints, dated September 17, 2019 and August 17, 2020, filed in the California Action. (g) “California Court” means the Superior Court of the State of California in the County of Santa Clara. (h) “California Plaintiffs” means Tim Himstreet and Steven Hill. (i) “Claims” means any and all manner of claims, including any Unknown Claims, debts, demands, rights, interests, actions, suits, causes of action, cross-claims, counter- claims, charges, judgments, obligations, setoffs, or liabilities for any obligations of any kind whatsoever (however denominated), for fees, costs, penalties, damages whenever incurred, and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, demands for rescission, damages, interest, attorneys’ fees, and any other costs, expenses or liabilities whatsoever, including joint and several), whether based on federal, state, local, statutory or common law, in equity, or on any other law, rule, regulation, ordinance, contract, or the law of any foreign jurisdiction, whether fixed or contingent, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, suspected or unsuspected, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured. (j) “Complaints” means the Federal Complaints and the California Complaints. (k) “Current Apple Shareholders” means any person or entity that has held Apple common stock as of the date of the execution of this Stipulation and continues to hold their Apple common stock through the date of the Settlement Fairness Hearing. (l) “Defendants” means the following current and former defendants in the Federal Action and/or the California Action: Timothy D. Cook, Luca Maestri, Craig Federighi, Arthur D. Levinson, Albert Gore, Jr., Andrea Jung, James A. Bell, Ronald D. Sugar, Robert A. Iger, and Susan L. Wagner. - - 11 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE (m) “Defendants’ Counsel” means the law firm of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, counsel for defendants Timothy D. Cook, Luca Maestri, Craig Federighi, Arthur D. Levinson, Albert Gore, Jr., Andrea Jung, James A. Bell, Ronald D. Sugar, Robert A. Iger, and Susan L. Wagner. (n) “Demanding Shareholders” means Augustin Sacks and Gerard Bernales. (o) “Demanding Shareholders’ Counsel” means the law firm of Purcell & Lefkowitz LLP. (p) “Effective Date” with respect to the Settlement means the first date by which all of the events and conditions specified in paragraph 24 of this Stipulation have been met and have occurred or have been waived. (q) “Federal Action” means the stockholder derivative action captioned In re Apple Inc. Stockholder Derivative Litigation , No. 4:19-cv-05153-YGR, pending in the Federal Court. (r) “Federal Complaints” means the Verified Stockholder Derivative Complaints dated August 19, 2019 and September 20, 2019, filed in the Federal Action. (s) “Federal Court” or “Court” means the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, Oakland Division. (t) “Federal Securities Action” means the securities class action captioned In re Apple Inc. Securities Litigation , Case No. 4:19-cv-02033-YGR, pending in the Federal Court. (u) “Federal Plaintiffs” means Terrence Zehrer, derivatively on behalf of Apple; Andrew Fine, Tammy Federman SEP/IRA, and The Rosenfeld Family Foundation, derivatively on behalf of Apple; and John Votto, derivatively on behalf of Apple. - - 12 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE (v) “Final” with respect to the Judgment or any other court order means: (i) if no appeal is filed, the expiration date of the time for filing or noticing of any appeal of the Judgment or order; or (ii) if there is an appeal from the Judgment or order, (a) the date of final dismissal of all such appeals, or the final dismissal of any proceeding on certiorari or otherwise, or (b) the date the Judgment or order is finally affirmed on appeal, the expiration of the time to file a petition for a writ of certiorari or other form of review, or the denial of a writ of certiorari or other form of review, and, if certiorari or other form of review is granted, the date of final affirmance following review pursuant to that grant. However, any appeal or proceeding seeking subsequent judicial review pertaining solely to an order issued with respect to attorneys’ fees or expenses shall not in any way delay or preclude the Judgment from becoming Final. (w) “Enhancements” means the corporate governance enhancements identified in Exhibit A hereto. (x) “Judgment” means the final judgment, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, to be entered by the Federal Court approving the Settlement. (y) “Notice” means, collectively, the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Shareholder Derivative Actions, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-1 (“Long Form Notice), and the Summary Notice of Proposed Settlement of Shareholder Derivative Actions, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-2 (“Summary Notice”). (z) “Notice Costs” means all costs, fees, and expenses related to providing notice of the Settlement to Current Apple Shareholders. (aa) “Parties” means Plaintiffs, Defendants, and the Company. (bb) “Plaintiffs” means the Federal Plaintiffs, the California Plaintiffs, and the Demanding Shareholders. (cc) “Plaintiffs’ Counsel” means the law firms of Robbins LLP, Weiss Law LLP, Glancy Prongay & Murray LLP, Herman Jones LLP, The Mehdi Firm, PC, and Purcell & Lefkowitz LLP. (dd) “Preliminary Approval Order” means the order, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, to be entered by the Court, preliminarily approving the Settlement, scheduling the Settlement Fairness Hearing, and directing that notice of the Settlement be provided to Current Apple Shareholders. - - 13 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE (ee) “Released Defendants’ Parties” means Defendants, the Company, and any entity in which the Company has a controlling interest, as well as their respective current and former parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents, successors, predecessors, assigns, assignees, partnerships, partners, committees, joint ventures, trustees, trusts, employees, immediate family members, insurers and reinsurers (in their capacities as such), consultants, experts, and attorneys. (ff) “Released Parties” means the Released Defendants’ Parties and the Released Plaintiffs’ Parties. (gg) “Released Plaintiffs’ Parties” means Plaintiffs, Plaintiffs’ Counsel, and any entity in which any Plaintiff has a controlling interest, as well as their respective current and former parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents, successors, predecessors, assigns, assignees, partnerships, partners, committees, joint ventures, trustees, trusts, employees, immediate family members, insurers and reinsurers (in their capacities as such), consultants, experts, and attorneys. (hh) “Releases” means the releases set forth in paragraphs 4-7 of this Stipulation. (ii) “Settled Claims” means the Settled Defendants’ Claims, the Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims, and the Settled Litigation Claims. (jj) “Settled Defendants’ Claims” means all Claims that arise out of or are based upon the commencement, litigation, or settlement of the Actions; provided, however , that the Settled Defendants’ Claims shall not include any Claims arising out of, based upon, or relating to the enforcement of the Settlement. (kk) “Settled Litigation Claims” means all Claims against any of the Released Parties, concerning or arising from the commencement, litigation, or settlement of the Claims asserted in the Actions; provided, however , that the Settled Litigation Claims shall not include any Claims arising out of, based upon, or relating to the enforcement of the Settlement. - - 14 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE (ll) “Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims” means any and all manner of Claims, including Unknown Claims, that have been or could have been asserted in any forum derivatively or by Apple directly, arising from any act or omission alleged or claims asserted in the Actions; provided, however, that the Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims shall not include any Claims arising out of, based upon, or relating to the enforcement of the Settlement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims do not cover, settle, or release any direct claims held by a Plaintiff as a member of the certified class in the Federal Securities Action. (mm) “Settlement” means the settlement by and among the Parties on the terms and conditions set forth in this Stipulation. (nn) “Settlement Fairness Hearing” means the hearing set by the Court to, among other things, consider final approval of the Settlement. (oo) “Unknown Claims” shall mean any Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims which any Plaintiff, the Company, or any Current Apple Shareholders does not know or suspect to exist in his, her, or its favor at the time of the release of such claims and any Settled Defendants’ Claims which any Defendant, or the Company does not know or suspect to exist in his, her, or its favor at the time of the release of such claims, which, if known by him, her, or it, might have affected his, her, or its decision(s) with respect to this Settlement. With respect to any and all Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims and Settled Defendants’ Claims, the Parties stipulate and agree that, upon the Effective Date of the Settlement, Plaintiffs, Defendants, the Company, and Current Apple Shareholders shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, expressly waived any and all provisions, rights, and benefits conferred by any law of any state or territory of the United States, or principle of common law or foreign law, which is similar, comparable, or equivalent to California Civil Code §1542, which provides: A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party. Any of Plaintiffs, Defendants, Apple, or Current Apple Shareholders may hereafter discover facts in addition to or different from those which he, she, or it now knows or believes to be true with respect to the Settled Claims but, upon the Court’s entry of the Judgment, Plaintiffs, Defendants, Apple, and each of the Current Apple Shareholders shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and forever settled any and all Settled Claims without regard to the subsequent discovery or existence of such different or additional facts. Plaintiffs, Defendants, and the Company acknowledge that the foregoing waiver was separately bargained for and a key element of the Settlement. - - 15 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE THE SETTLEMENT CONSIDERATION 2. In consideration for the full settlement and release of all Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims against the Released Defendants’ Parties and the dismissal with prejudice of the Actions on the terms and conditions set forth in this Stipulation, Defendants and the Company agree that Apple shall adopt and implement the Enhancements identified in Exhibit A hereto in the time and manner specified therein. The Board, on behalf of the Company, and in a determination made in the good faith exercise of the Board’s business judgment, acknowledges and agrees that the filing of, pendency of, and/or settlement demands made in the Actions caused Apple to adopt, implement, and/or maintain the Enhancements. The Board further acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Enhancements confer substantial benefits upon Apple and its shareholders; and (ii) Apple’s commitment to adopt, implement, and/or maintain the Enhancements will serve Apple and its shareholders’ best interests and constitutes fair, reasonable and adequate consideration for the release of the Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims. 3. The Company’s adoption, implementation, and/or maintenance of the Enhancements shall constitute full and final satisfaction of all of the Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims. RELEASE OF CLAIMS 4. The obligations incurred pursuant to this Stipulation are in consideration of the full and final disposition of the Actions as against Defendants and the Releases provided for herein. 5. Pursuant to the Judgment, without further action by anyone, upon the Effective Date of the Settlement, Plaintiffs, the Company, and by operation of law the Company’s shareholders, shall be deemed to have, and by operation of law and of the Judgment, shall have, fully, finally, and forever discharged, settled, and released, and shall forever be enjoined from commencing or prosecuting, any and all Settled Plaintiffs’ Claims and Settled Litigation Claims (including Unknown Claims) against the Released Defendants’ Parties. - - 16 - - AMENDED STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF COMPROMISE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE 6. Pursuant to the Judgment, without further action by anyone, upon the Effective Date of the Settlement, Defendants and the Company shall be deemed to have, and by operation of law and of the Judgment, shall have, fully, finally, and forever discharged, settled, and released, and shall forever be enjoined from commencing or prosecuting, any and all Settled Defendants’ Claims and Settled Litigation Claims (including Unknown Claims) against the Released Plaintiffs’ Parties. 7. Notwithstanding paragraphs 4-6 above, nothing in the Judgment shall impair or restrict the rights of any Settling Party to enforce the terms of this Stipulation or the Judgment. PRELIMINARY APPROVAL 8. Following execution of this Stipulation, Plaintiffs shall move in the Federal Court for entry of an order (the “Preliminary Approval Order”), substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, requesting: (i) preliminary approval of the Settlement; (ii) approval of the form and manner of providing notice of the Settlement to Current Apple Shareholders; and (iii) a date and time for the Settlement Fairness Hearing. NOTICE 9. Within ten (10) business days after the entry of the Preliminary Approval Order, the Company shall: (1) post a copy of the Long Form Notice, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-1, and the Stipulation (and exhibits thereto) on the