Document
Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations Contact
Jonathan Vaas
Adobe
ir@adobe.com
Public Relations Contact
Lea Anna Cardwell
Adobe
cardwell@adobe.com
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Adobe Reports Record Revenue
Q3 Results Include $1.44 Billion in Operating Cash Flows and RPO Surpassing $10 Billion
SAN JOSE, Calif. - Sept. 15, 2020 -
Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) today reported financial results for its third quarter fiscal year 2020 ended Aug. 28, 2020.
Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Highlights
•
Adobe achieved record quarterly revenue of $3.23 billion in its third quarter of fiscal year 2020, which represents 14 percent year-over-year growth. Diluted earnings per share was $1.97 on a GAAP basis, representing 22 percent year-over-year growth, and $2.57 on a non-GAAP basis, representing 25 percent year-over-year growth.
•
Digital Media segment revenue was $2.34 billion, which represents 19 percent year-over-year growth.  Creative revenue grew to $1.96 billion, representing 19 percent year-over-year growth. Document Cloud revenue was $375 million, representing 22 percent year-over-year growth.
•
Digital Media Annualized Recurring Revenue (“ARR”) increased $458 million quarter-over-quarter to $9.63 billion exiting the quarter, representing 24 percent year-over-year growth on a constant-currency basis. Creative ARR grew to $8.29 billion, and Document Cloud ARR grew to $1.34 billion.
•
Digital Experience segment revenue was $838 million. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $729 million, representing 7 percent year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue, excluding Advertising Cloud revenue, grew 14 percent year-over-year.
•
GAAP operating income in the third quarter was $1.07 billion, and non-GAAP operating income was $1.40 billion. GAAP net income was $955 million, and non-GAAP net income was $1.25 billion.
•
Cash flows from operations were a record $1.44 billion.
•
Remaining Performance Obligation (“RPO”) exiting the quarter was $10.34 billion, representing 18 percent year-over-year growth.
•
Adobe repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares during the quarter.
A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided at the end of this press release and on Adobe’s website.
Executive Quotes
“Adobe delivered the best Q3 in our history in a challenging macroeconomic environment, demonstrating the global demand for our innovative solutions,” said Shantanu Narayen, president and CEO, Adobe. “We are confident that our leadership in the creative, document and customer experience management categories will drive continued momentum in 2020 and beyond.”
“Adobe drove outstanding performance in Q3, highlighted by growth in Creative Cloud and Document Cloud ARR, Digital Experience subscription revenue and record operating cash flows,” said John Murphy, executive vice president and CFO, Adobe. “The resilience of our recurring business model and a strong book of business is driving sustained long-term growth.”
Adobe Provides Fourth Quarter Financial Targets
Adobe today is providing fourth quarter financial targets, factoring current macroeconomic conditions, typical year-end seasonal strength and the strategic shift related to the company’s Advertising Cloud business.
The following table summarizes Adobe’s fourth quarter fiscal year 2020 targets.
Total revenue
~$3.35 billion
Digital Media segment revenue
~18 percent year-over-year growth
Digital media annualized recurring revenue (ARR)
~$540 million of net new ARR
Digital Experience segment revenue
~ Flat year-over-year
Digital Experience subscription revenue
~1 percent
year-over-year growth
~12 percent
year-over-year growth
(excluding Advertising Cloud)
Tax rate
GAAP: ~(90) percent
Non-GAAP: ~10 percent
Share count
~485 million shares
Earnings per share
GAAP: ~$4.29
Non-GAAP: ~$2.64
A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP targets is provided at the end of this press release.
2
Adobe to Webcast Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call
Adobe will webcast its third quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time from its investor relations website:
www.adobe.com/ADBE
. Earnings documents, including Adobe management’s prepared conference call remarks with slides and an investor datasheet are posted to Adobe’s investor relations website in advance of the conference call for reference. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP earnings results and financial targets is also provided on the website.
Adobe Announces Fourth Quarter Earnings Call and Financial Analyst Meeting
Adobe will host its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call and financial analyst meeting online on Dec. 10, at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. During the meeting, Adobe will provide an overview of its strategy and financial targets for fiscal year 2021.