Document
Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations Contact
Jonathan Vaas
Adobe
ir@adobe.com
Public Relations Contact
Lea Anna Cardwell
Adobe
cardwell@adobe.com
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Adobe Reports Record Revenue
Strong Demand Across Creative Cloud and Document Cloud Drives Net New Digital Media ARR of $443 Million
SAN JOSE, Calif. - June 11, 2020 -
Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) today reported financial results for its second quarter fiscal year 2020 ended May 29, 2020.
Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Highlights
•
Adobe achieved record quarterly revenue of $3.13 billion in its second quarter of fiscal year 2020, which represents 14 percent year-over-year growth.  Diluted earnings per share was $2.27 on a GAAP basis, and $2.45 on a non-GAAP basis.
•
Digital Media segment revenue was $2.23 billion, which represents 18 percent year-over-year growth.  Creative revenue grew to $1.87 billion and Document Cloud revenue was $360 million.  Digital Media Annualized Recurring Revenue (“ARR”) grew to  $9.17 billion exiting the quarter, a quarter-over-quarter increase of $443 million.  Creative ARR grew to $7.93 billion, and Document Cloud ARR grew to $1.24 billion.
•
Digital Experience segment revenue was $826 million, representing 5 percent year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $707 million, representing 8 percent year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue, excluding Advertising Cloud revenue, grew 18 percent year-over-year.
•
GAAP operating income in the second quarter was $1.02 billion, and non-GAAP operating income was $1.34 billion.  GAAP net income was $1.10 billion, and non-GAAP net income was $1.19 billion.
•
Cash flows from operations was $1.18 billion.
•
Remaining Performance Obligation exiting the quarter was $9.92 billion.
•
Adobe repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares during the quarter.
A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided at the end of this press release and on Adobe’s website.
Executive Quotes
“Adobe’s strategy to empower customers to create the world’s content, automate critical document processes and enable enterprises to engage with their customers digitally, drove record revenue in Q2,” said Shantanu Narayen, president and CEO, Adobe.  “The tectonic shift towards ‘all things digital’ across all customer segments globally will serve as a tailwind to our growth initiatives as we emerge from this crisis.”
"Adobe delivered another quarter of record revenue and expanding profitability despite the challenging environment, demonstrating the resiliency of our business model," said John Murphy, executive vice president and CFO, Adobe.  "We drove record Digital Media net new ARR for a Q2, highlighting how mission-critical creative and document solutions are in engaging remotely.”
Advertising Cloud Update
Adobe also announced that given the macroeconomic environment, it significantly accelerated in Q2 its previously stated strategy of eliminating low-margin Advertising Cloud transaction-driven offerings. The company will continue to offer its Advertising Cloud software solutions. The macroeconomic environment and this strategic shift impacted Advertising Cloud targeted revenue in Q2 by approximately $50 million.
Adobe Provides Third Quarter Financial Targets
Adobe today is providing third quarter financial targets factoring current macroeconomic conditions, continued impacts of the pandemic, typical Q3 summer seasonality and its updated strategy for Advertising Cloud.
The following table summarizes Adobe’s third quarter fiscal year 2020 targets.
Total revenue
Approximately $3.15 billion
Digital Media segment revenue
Approximately 16 percent year-over-year growth
Digital media annualized recurring revenue (ARR)
Approximately $340 million of net new ARR
Digital Experience segment revenue
Flat year-over-year
Digital Experience subscription revenue
~5% year-over-year growth
~14% year-over-year growth (excluding Advertising Cloud)
Tax rate
GAAP: ~10 percent
Non-GAAP: ~10 percent
Share count
~485 million shares
Earnings per share
GAAP: ~$1.78
Non-GAAP: ~$2.40
In light of the macroeconomic environment and the strategic shifts for Advertising Cloud, Adobe is withdrawing the annual fiscal 2020 targets provided in December 2019.
A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP targets is provided at the end of this press release.
2
Adobe to Webcast Earnings Conference Call
Adobe will webcast its second quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time from its investor relations website:
www.adobe.com/ADBE
.  Earnings documents, including Adobe management’s prepared conference call remarks with slides and an investor datasheet are posted to Adobe’s investor relations website in advance of the conference call for reference.  A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP earnings results and financial targets is also provided on the website.