Document
Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations Contact
Jonathan Vaas
Adobe
ir@adobe.com
Public Relations Contact
Ashley Levine
Adobe
aslevine@adobe.com
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Adobe Reports Outstanding Second Quarter Results
Revenue Growth of 23% Year Over Year Drives Record $1.99 Billion Cash Flows from Operations
SAN JOSE, Calif. - June 17, 2021 -
Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) today reported financial results for its second quarter fiscal year 2021 ended June 4, 2021.
Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Highlights
•
Adobe achieved quarterly revenue of $3.84 billion in its second quarter of fiscal year 2021, which represents 23 percent year-over-year growth. Diluted earnings per share was $2.32 on a GAAP basis and $3.03 on a non-GAAP basis.
•
Digital Media segment revenue was $2.79 billion, which represents 25 percent year-over-year growth. Creative revenue grew to $2.32 billion, representing 24 percent year-over-year growth. Document Cloud revenue was $469 million, representing 30 percent year-over-year growth.
•
Digital Media Annualized Recurring Revenue (“ARR”) increased $518 million quarter-over-quarter to $11.21 billion exiting the quarter. Creative ARR grew to $9.53 billion and Document Cloud ARR grew to $1.68 billion.
•
Digital Experience segment revenue was $938 million, representing 21 percent year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $817 million, representing 25 percent year-over-year growth.
•
GAAP operating income in the second quarter was $1.41 billion, and non-GAAP operating income was $1.76 billion. GAAP net income was $1.12 billion, and non-GAAP net income was $1.46 billion.
•
Cash flows from operations were a record $1.99 billion.
•
Remaining Performance Obligations (“RPO”) exiting the quarter were $12.23 billion, representing 23 percent year-over-year growth.
•
Adobe repurchased approximately 2.1 million shares during the quarter.
A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided at the end of this press release and on Adobe’s website.
Executive Quotes
“Adobe had an outstanding second quarter as Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud continue to transform work, learn and play in a digital-first world,” said Shantanu Narayen, president and CEO, Adobe. “Our innovative product roadmap and unparalleled leadership in creativity, digital documents and customer experience management position us for continued success in 2021 and beyond.”
“Adobe delivered strong Digital Media annualized recurring revenue and Digital Experience bookings, as well as record cash flows from operations in Q2,” said John Murphy, executive vice president and CFO, Adobe. “The large market opportunity and momentum we are seeing across our creative, document and customer experience management businesses position us well to deliver another record year.”
Adobe Provides Third Quarter Financial Targets
Adobe today is providing third quarter financial targets factoring current macroeconomic conditions and expected return of summer seasonality associated with the months of June, July and August.
The following table summarizes Adobe’s third quarter fiscal year 2021 targets:
Total revenue
~$3.88 billion
Digital Media segment revenue
~22 percent year-over-year growth
Digital Media annualized recurring revenue (ARR)
~$440 million of net new ARR
Digital Experience segment revenue
~21 percent year-over-year growth
Digital Experience subscription revenue
~25 percent year-over-year growth
Tax rate
GAAP: ~19 percent
Non-GAAP: ~16 percent
Share count
~480 million shares
Earnings per share
GAAP: ~$2.27
Non-GAAP: ~$3.00
A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP targets is provided at the end of this press release.
2
Adobe to Webcast Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call
Adobe will webcast its second quarter fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time from its investor relations website:
www.adobe.com/ADBE
. Earnings documents, including Adobe management’s prepared conference call remarks with slides and an investor datasheet are posted to Adobe’s investor relations website in advance of the conference call for reference. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP earnings results and financial targets is also provided on the website.