Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations Contact
Jonathan Vaas Adobe ir@adobe.com
Public Relations Contact
Ashley Levine
Adobe
aslevine@adobe.com
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Adobe to Acquire Figma
Combination of Adobe and Figma Will Usher in New Era of Collaborative Creativity
SAN JOSE, Calif. – Sept. 15, 2022 -
Today,
      Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) announced it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire Figma, a leading web-first collaborative design platform, for approximately $20 billion in cash and stock. The combination of Adobe and Figma will usher in a
      new era of collaborative creativity.
Adobe’s mission is to change the world through digital experiences. Today, the digital economy runs on Adobe’s tools and platforms, and
      throughout its history, the company’s innovations have touched billions of lives across the globe. From revolutionizing imaging and creative expression with Photoshop; to pioneering electronic documents through PDF; to creating the digital marketing
      category with Adobe Experience Cloud, Adobe continues to invent and transform categories.
Figma’s mission is to help teams collaborate visually and make design accessible to all. Founded by Dylan Field and
      Evan Wallace in 2012, the company pioneered product design on the web. Today, it is making it possible for everyone who designs interactive mobile and web applications to collaborate through multi-player workflows, sophisticated design systems and a
      rich, extensible developer ecosystem. Figma has attracted a new generation of millions of designers and developers and a loyal student following.
Together, Adobe and Figma will reimagine the future of creativity and productivity, accelerate creativity on the web, advance product
      design and inspire global communities of creators, designers and developers. The combined company will have a massive, fast-growing market opportunity and capabilities to drive significant value for customers, shareholders and the industry.
“Adobe’s greatness has been rooted in our ability to create new categories and deliver cutting-edge technologies through organic
      innovation and inorganic acquisitions,” said Shantanu Narayen, chairman and CEO, Adobe. “The combination of Adobe and Figma is transformational and will accelerate our vision for collaborative creativity.”
Reimagining the future of creativity and productivity
Adobe and Figma share a passion for helping individuals and teams be more creative and productive. With Adobe’s and Figma’s expansive
      product portfolio, the combined company will have a rare opportunity to power the future of work by bringing together capabilities for brainstorming, sharing, creativity and collaboration and delivering these innovations to hundreds of millions of
      customers.
Accelerating creativity on the web
Creators are currently challenged with making an ever-rising volume of content in close collaboration with an increasing number of
      stakeholders. The web has become a ubiquitous platform that is making it easier for teams to create together.
1
Figma’s web-based, multi-player capabilities will accelerate the delivery of Adobe’s Creative Cloud technologies on the web, making the
      creative process more productive and accessible to more people.
Advancing product design
Digital applications are at the center of our personal and professional lives, creating explosive growth in the product design category.
      Adobe and Figma will benefit all stakeholders in the product design process, from designers to product managers to developers, by bringing powerful capabilities from Adobe’s imaging, photography, illustration, video, 3D and font technology into the
      Figma platform.
Inspiring and empowering the designer and developer community
Adobe’s vibrant creative community has been a driving force in inspiring the company’s continuous innovation. Figma
      has a passionate community who develop and share everything from tutorials to templates to plug-ins with their large and growing ecosystem. The combination of Adobe’s and Figma’s communities will bring designers and developers closer together to
      unlock the future of collaborative design.
“Figma has built a phenomenal product design platform on the web,” said David Wadhwani, president of Adobe’s Digital Media business. “We
      look forward to partnering with their incredible team and vibrant community to accelerate our joint mission to reimagine the future of creativity and productivity.”
"With Adobe's amazing innovation and expertise, especially in 3D, video, vector, imaging and fonts, we can further reimagine end-to-end
      product design in the browser, while building new tools and spaces to empower customers to design products faster and more easily,” said Dylan Field, co-founder and CEO, Figma.
Figma has a total addressable market of $16.5 billion by 2025. The company is expected to add approximately $200 million in net new ARR
      this year, surpassing $400 million in total ARR exiting 2022, with best-in-class net dollar retention of greater than 150 percent. With gross margins of approximately 90 percent and positive operating cash flows, Figma has built an efficient,
      high-growth business.
Transaction Details
Under the definitive agreement, Adobe has agreed to acquire Figma for approximately $20 billion, comprised of approximately half cash and
      half stock, subject to customary adjustments. Approximately 6 million additional restricted stock units will be granted to Figma’s CEO and employees that will vest over four years subsequent to closing. Adobe expects the cash consideration to be
      financed through cash on hand and, if necessary, a term loan. The transaction is expected to close in 2023, subject to the receipt of required regulatory clearances and approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions, including the
      approval of Figma’s stockholders.
Upon the closing of the transaction, Dylan Field, Figma’s co-founder and CEO, will continue to lead the Figma team,
      reporting to David Wadhwani, president of Adobe’s Digital Media business. Until the transaction closes, each company will continue to operate independently.
Conference Call Scheduled for 7:00 a.m. Pacific Time Today
Adobe executives will comment on the acquisition of Figma today during a live conference call as part of Adobe’s quarterly earnings
      report, which is scheduled to begin at 7:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A live webcast of the conference call can be viewed on Adobe’s investor relations website: www.adobe.com/ADBE. Earnings documents, including Adobe management’s prepared conference call
      remarks with slides and an investor presentation are posted to Adobe’s investor relations website in advance of the conference call for reference.
Advisors
Allen & Company LLC is serving as financial advisor to Adobe and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is serving as legal advisor in
      connection with the transaction.