Item 1.01.
Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.
The disclosure set forth below under Item 1.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 1.02.
Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.
As previously disclosed, on September 15, 2022, Adobe Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) by and among the Company, Saratoga Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub I”), Saratoga Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub II”), Figma, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Figma”), and Fortis Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in its capacity as the representative of the Figma stockholders, pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire Figma on the terms and subject to the conditions therein.
On December 17, 2023, the Company and Figma mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement and entered into a mutual termination agreement effective as of such date (the “Termination Agreement”).
The mutual termination of the Merger Agreement was approved by the Company’s and Figma’s respective Boards of Directors.
In accordance with the terms of the Termination Agreement, the Company will make a cash payment to Figma in the previously agreed amount of one billion dollars ($1,000,000,000) (the “Termination Fee”) within three business days following the date thereof. The Termination Fee is the sole and exclusive remedy under the Merger Agreement, and the Company and Figma have each waived any and all other claims in connection with the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Termination Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8‐K on September 15, 2022, and the full text of the Termination Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference herein.
Item 8.01.
Other Information.
On December 18, 2023, the Company and Figma issued a joint press release announcing the mutual termination of the Merger Agreement.
A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit
Number
Exhibit Description
Form
Filing Date
Exhibit Number
SEC File No.
Filed
Herewith
10.1*
Termination Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2023, by and among Adobe Inc., Saratoga Merger Sub I, Inc., Saratoga Merger Sub II, LLC and Figma, Inc.
X
99.1
Joint Press Release, dated December 18, 2023.
X
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File. (Embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)
*Certain exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit to the SEC upon request.
2