Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. (d) On January 7, 2022, the Board of Directors (the “ Board ”) of Adobe Inc. (“ Adobe ”) appointed Brett Biggs and Spencer Neumann to the Board. These appointments were made to fill vacancies created by the retirement of a director and an increase in the size of the Board from eleven to twelve members. Messrs. Biggs and Neumann will serve a term of office expiring at Adobe’s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Messrs. Biggs and Neumann were also appointed to the Audit Committee of the Board. There is no arrangement or understanding between each of Mr. Biggs and Mr. Neumann and any other persons pursuant to which each was selected as a director. Since the beginning of our last fiscal year through the date hereof, there have been no transactions with Adobe, and there are currently no proposed transactions with Adobe in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which Messrs. Biggs and Neumann had or will have a direct or indirect material interest within the meaning of Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. As non-employee directors, Messrs. Biggs and Neumann will each receive cash and equity compensation in accordance with Adobe’s FY ’21 and FY ’22 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, which is filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Adobe’s Form 10-K (File No. 000-15175) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”) on January 15, 2021. In connection with their compensation, Messrs. Biggs and Neumann were each granted an initial award of 137 restricted stock units on January 7, 2022. Additional information regarding Adobe’s compensation programs for the members of its Board is contained in Adobe's Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 5, 2021. A copy of our press release announcing the appointment of Messrs. Biggs and Neumann to Adobe’s Board is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date Exhibit Number SEC File No. Filed Herewith 99.1 Press release issued on January 10, 2022 titled "Adobe Names Brett Biggs and Spencer Neumann to its Board of Directors" X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 2