Document
Exhibit 99.1
Adobe Investor Relations Contact
Jonathan Vaas
ir@adobe.com
Adobe Public Relations Contact
Ashley Levine
adobepr@adobe.com
Figma Public Relations Contact
Michael Amodeo
Press@figma.com
ADOBE AND FIGMA MUTUALLY AGREE TO TERMINATE MERGER AGREEMENT
San Jose and San Francisco, Calif, Dec. 18, 2023
–
Today, Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) and Figma announced that they have entered into a mutual agreement to terminate their previously announced merger agreement, originally announced on September 15, 2022,
under which Adobe would have acquired Figma for a mix of cash and stock consideration.
Although both companies continue to believe in the merits and procompetitive benefits of the combination, Adobe and Figma mutually agreed to terminate the transaction based on a joint assessment that there is no clear path to receive necessary regulatory approvals from the European Commission and the UK Competition and Markets Authority.
“Adobe and Figma strongly disagree with the recent regulatory findings, but we believe it is in our respective best interests to move forward independently,” said Shantanu Narayen, chair and CEO, Adobe.
“While Adobe and Figma shared a vision to jointly redefine the future of creativity and productivity, we continue to be well positioned to capitalize on our massive market opportunity and mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences.”
“Figma has built an incredible product design platform, and I am confident in their continued innovation and growth after spending more than a year with their team and community,” said David Wadhwani, president, Digital Media Business, Adobe. “I have been impressed with Dylan and his incredible team at Figma and
will look for ways to partner
to delight joint customers in the future.”
“Going through this process with Shantanu, David and the Adobe team has only reinforced my belief in the merits of this deal, but it’s become increasingly clear over the past few months that regulators don’t see things the same way,” said Dylan Field, co-founder and CEO, Figma. “While we’re disappointed in the outcome, I am deeply grateful to everyone who has contributed to this effort and excited to find other ways to innovate on behalf of our respective communities with Adobe.”
The companies have signed a termination agreement that resolves all outstanding matters from the transaction, including Adobe paying Figma the previously agreed upon termination fee.
Advisors
Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz; Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP; and Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer are serving as legal advisors to Adobe.
Fenwick & West LLP; Slaughter and May; and Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP
are serving as legal advisors to Figma.