Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or Obligations under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant; Item 8.01. Other Events On November 3, 2022 (the “Effective Date”), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the “Company”) established a new commercial paper program (the “Program”), under which the Company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the “Notes”) on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $3.0 billion. On the Effective Date, the Company also entered into commercial paper dealer agreements (each, a “Dealer Agreement”) with commercial paper dealers (each, a “Dealer” and, collectively, the “Dealers”). The Dealer Agreements are substantially identical in all material respects except as to the parties thereto. A national bank acts as the issuing and paying agent under the Program pursuant to the terms of an issuing and paying agent agreement. Under the Program, the Company may issue Notes from time to time, and the proceeds of the Notes will be used for general corporate purposes. The Dealer Agreements provide the terms under which the Dealers will either purchase from the Company or arrange for the sale by the Company of Notes pursuant to an exemption from federal and state securities laws. The Dealer Agreements contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions. The maturities of the Notes will vary, but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. The face or principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Program at any time may not exceed $3.0 billion. The Notes will be sold at a discount from par or, alternatively, will be sold at par and bear interest at rates that will vary based on market conditions at the time of the issuance of the Notes. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), or any state securities laws, and may not be offered and sold except in compliance with an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities, nor shall there be any sale of the Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.