EX-99.2 Exhibit 99.2 TO: All Xilinx FROM: Lisa Su, AMD President & CEO SUBJECT: Some thoughts about today…and tomorrow Xilinx team, Today is an exciting and historic day for both AMD and Xilinx. Victor has outlined the many reasons we believe combining the two companies is so compelling, but I wanted to take this opportunity to introduce myself and AMD before we talk later this week. When I started my career as a young engineer, I fell in love with semiconductors because they are at the heart and soul of all innovation in this world. The products we build and the experiences we enable change people’s lives. I became CEO of AMD a little more than six years ago, and over the last few years we have focused on building the strong technical and operational foundation required to make AMD a leader in high performance computing and the partner of choice for many of the industry’s biggest and best companies. We now have the strongest product portfolio in our history and are delivering best-in-class revenue growth. We announced our third quarter financial results this morning highlighted by record revenue as our business is accelerating significantly. And while I am very proud of what the AMD team has accomplished, I also know that we can do even more to shape the industry going forward. Having the Xilinx team join AMD is the strategic next step in our journey. Like Xilinx, AMD believes high performance and adaptive computing play a critical role helping to build a better world. By bringing our talented people, technology capability, product portfolio, and market knowledge together, we can create the leader in high performance computing and the best growth franchise in tech. It is normal at times like this to ask: “What will change?” Until we close, it is business as usual and the companies remain separate and independent. Once we close, we will have plenty of opportunities to consider how we accelerate our roadmaps, leverage technologies across the joint portfolio, and broaden our customer solutions. Right now, I think it is more important to understand what stays the same. Victor has outlined a very compelling strategy for Xilinx, and you have built a very successful business based on your strong products and execution. All of that stays the same. AMD and Xilinx share similar cultures that value technology innovation, product execution, and customer collaboration. It’s that spirit that will be the foundation of our combined company. I look forward to meeting you later this week to discuss our new journey. I am so excited about what we will accomplish together. Best, —Lisa. LISA SU President & Chief Executive Officer | AMD Additional Information about the Acquisition and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) intends to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement of AMD and Xilinx, Inc. (Xilinx) and that also will constitute a prospectus with respect to shares of AMD’s common stock to be issued in the proposed transaction (the “joint proxy statement/prospectus”). Each of AMD and Xilinx may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the joint proxy statement/prospectus or any other document that AMD or Xilinx may file with the SEC. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) will be mailed to stockholders of AMD and Xilinx. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE OR WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) and other documents containing important information about AMD, Xilinx and the proposed transaction, once such documents are filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov . Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by AMD will be available free of charge on AMD’s website at ir.AMD.com or by contacting AMD’s Corporate Secretary by email at Corporate.Secretary@AMD.com. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Xilinx will be available free of charge on Xilinx’s website at investor.Xilinx.com or by contacting Xilinx’s