EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
PRESS RELEASE
Contact:
Brandi Martina
AMD Communications
(512)
705-1720
Brandi.Martina@amd.com
Liz Stine
AMD Investor
Relations
(720)
652-3965
liz.stine@amd.com
AMD
Completes Acquisition of ZT Systems
— Strategic transaction combines industry-leading systems and rack-level expertise with
AMD
GPU, CPU and networking silicon and open-source software to address the $500 billion data
center AI accelerator opportunity in 2028 —
SANTA CLARA, Calif. —March 31, 2025 —
AMD
(NASDAQ: AMD) today announced the completion of its acquisition of ZT
Systems, a leading provider of AI and general-purpose compute infrastructure for the world’s largest hyperscale providers. The acquisition will enable a new class of
end-to-end
AI solutions based on the combination of AMD CPU, GPU and networking silicon, open-source AMD ROCm
™
software and rack-scale systems capabilities. It will also accelerate the design and deployment of
AMD-powered
AI infrastructure at scale optimized for the cloud.
AMD expects the transaction to be accretive on a
non-GAAP
basis by the end of 2025. The world-class
design teams will join the AMD Data Center Solutions business unit led by AMD Executive Vice President Forrest Norrod. AMD is actively engaged with multiple potential strategic partners to acquire ZT Systems’ industry-leading U.S.-based data
center infrastructure manufacturing business in 2025.
“With the rapid pace of innovation in AI, reducing the
end-to-end
design and deployment time of cluster-level data center AI systems will be a significant competitive advantage for our customers,” said Forrest Norrod,
executive vice president and general manager, Data Center Solutions business unit at AMD. “Acquiring ZT Systems is a significant milestone in our AI strategy to deliver leadership training and inferencing solutions that are optimized for our
customers’ unique environment,
ready-to-deploy
at scale, and based on our open ecosystem approach that combines open-source software, industry standard networking
technologies and now ZT Systems’ leadership systems design and customer enablement expertise. We welcome Frank Zhang, Doug Huang and the talented ZT Systems team to AMD, where together we will offer customers both choice and speed to market,
allowing them to invest in key areas where they choose to differentiate their AI offerings.”
Former ZT Systems Founder and CEO Frank Zhang joins AMD as senior vice president of ZT
Manufacturing, reporting to Forrest Norrod, where he will help lead the divestiture of the manufacturing business. Former ZT Systems President Doug Huang joins AMD as senior vice president of Data Center Platform Engineering, also reporting to
Forrest Norrod. In this role, he will lead design and customer enablement teams, working closely with the AMD Data Center Solutions business unit and AI Group to accelerate
time-to-market
for data center AI solutions.