Item 8.01 Other Events U.K. Competition and Markets Authority and European Commission Regulatory Approvals As previously announced, on October 26, 2020, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., (the “Company”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Xilinx, Inc. (“Xilinx”) and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Thrones Merger Sub, Inc. (“Merger Sub”), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Xilinx (the "Merger"), with Xilinx surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The completion of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, the receipt of approvals and clearances required by the competition laws of, among other jurisdictions, the United Kingdom and the European Union. Effective as of June 29, 2021, the United Kingdom’s Competition and Markets Authority, and effective as of June 30, 2021, the European Commission issued approvals of the Merger. The completion of the Merger remains subject to other closing conditions, including the receipt of certain approvals and clearances required under the competition laws of certain other foreign jurisdictions. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements The statements in this communication include forward-looking statements concerning the Company, Xilinx, the proposed transaction and other matters. Forward-looking statements may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future plans, trends, events, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, based on current beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as there can be no assurance that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. Forward-looking statements can often, but not always, be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology including “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “designed,” or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements in this communication relate to, among other things, obtaining applicable regulatory approvals, satisfying other closing conditions to the proposed transaction, the expected tax treatment of the transaction, the expected timing of the transaction, and the integration of the businesses and the expected benefits, cost savings, accretion, synergies and growth to result therefrom. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. These risks include, among other things: failure to obtain applicable regulatory approval in a timely manner or otherwise; failure to satisfy other closing conditions to the transaction; negative effects of the announcement of the transaction; risks that the businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the combined companies will not realize expected benefits, cost savings, accretion, synergies and/or growth, or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; risks relating to unanticipated costs of integration; significant transaction and/or integration costs, or difficulties in connection with the transaction and/or unknown or inestimable liabilities; potential litigation associated with the transaction; the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of the transaction on the Company’s or the combined company’s relationships with suppliers, customers, employers and regulators; and demand for the combined company’s products. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, see the section captioned “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 26, 2020, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. While the list of factors presented here is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties may be exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any worsening of the global business and economic environment as a result. The Company does not assume, and hereby disclaims, any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law.