Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On June 7, 2022, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) with Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (collectively, the “Underwriters”), relating to the public offering (the “Offering”) by the Company of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 (the “2032 Notes”) and $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 (the “2052 Notes,” and together with the 2032 Notes, the “Notes”). The 2032 Notes will mature on June 1, 2032 and will bear interest at a rate of 3.924% per annum, and the 2052 Notes will mature on June 1, 2052 and will bear interest at a rate of 4.393% per annum. The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company and customary conditions to closing, obligations of the parties and termination provisions. Additionally, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or to contribute to payments the Underwriters may be required to make because of any of those liabilities. The Offering is expected to close on June 9, 2022, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes. The Offering has been registered under the Securities Act, pursuant to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265433), as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, dated June 7, 2022, relating to the Notes (together with the accompanying base prospectus, dated June 6, 2022, the “Prospectus Supplement”), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on June 8, 2022. The summary of the Underwriting Agreement in this Current Report on Form 8-K does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events On June 7, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing the launch of the Offering. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. On June 7, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the potential Offering, the expected closing date of the Offering and the Company’s intended use of proceeds from the Offering, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are commonly identified by words such as “will be,” “may,” “expects,” “believes,” “plans” and “intends” and other terms with similar meaning. You are cautioned that the forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. Such statements are subject to certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the Company’s control, that could cause actual results and other future events to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. Material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, without limitation, market conditions and the risk factors detailed in the Prospectus Supplement, which is a part of the Registration Statement, the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 26, 2022 and those risk factors set forth from time to time in the Company’s other filings with the SEC. For the reasons discussed above, you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by applicable securities laws. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, by and among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein 99.1 Press Release Announcing Launch of the Offering, dated June 7, 2022 99.2 Press Release Announcing Pricing of the Offering, dated June 7, 2022 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the Cover Page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)