EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
AMDers,
Today is a very exciting and historic day for AMD.
First, we just released our very strong third quarter financial results. We set a record for quarterly revenue, with net income and EPS more than doubling year-over-year. We also announced our acquisition of Xilinx — the industry’s #1
provider of FPGAs and Adaptive SOCs. Together, we will take the next step in our journey to create the industry’s high performance computing leader.
Let me start with our financial results. Our business accelerated significantly in the third quarter, with revenue growing 56% year-over-year to
$2.8 billion.
Computing and Graphics quarterly segment revenue increased 31% year-over-year to $1.67 billion.
•
Our client business had another fantastic quarter. We set a record for quarterly notebook revenue and shipments
as OEM sell through doubled year-over-year. We have the best mobile product portfolio in our history, and we are securing more OEM design wins and increasing our
go-to-market
activities to drive further growth.
•
In graphics, revenue increased sequentially. We are focused on transitioning to our next-generation Radeon RX
6000 series launching this quarter.
Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment revenue increased 116% year-over-year to
$1.13 billion.
•
Our server business had another record quarter. AWS, Google and Microsoft Azure expanded their AMD deployments
and we added multiple Fortune 1000 customer wins in key verticals like financial services and automotive in the quarter.
•
Semi-custom revenue increased based on the steep production ramp the team drove to support the November launches
of the
next-gen
Sony and Microsoft consoles.
We should be very proud of what we accomplished in
the third quarter and the significant momentum we are building across our business. In addition, we are in a great position with the upcoming launches of our “Zen 3,” RDNA 2 and CDNA products. The engineering teams have done a fantastic
job delivering significant performance increases for each of these and customer excitement is strong.
Over the last few years, we have focused on
building a strong technical and operational foundation. It’s amazing what we have accomplished as a team, and you should each be very proud of that success. It is only because of your hard work, determination and consistent execution over the
past few years, that we can now begin the next leg of our journey with our strategic acquisition of Xilinx.
Xilinx is the ideal match for us.
•
Xilinx is the FPGA and Adaptive SOC leader with more than 50% market share.
•
Xilinx is a technology leader, with differentiated packaging, SOC and core IP. They also share our focus on
leading-edge process technology and open source software enablement.
•
Xilinx has deep strategic partnerships with industry leaders in large and important markets including 5G telecom,
data center, automotive, industrial, aerospace and defense.
•
From a financial standpoint, Xilinx has a very strong business model with
best-in-class
gross margins and significant free cash flow.
Together, we will offer the
industry’s strongest portfolio of high performance processors, spanning CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs and Adaptive SOCs. The addition of Xilinx complements and strengthens our already strong data center portfolio, and their leading position in embedded
markets will drive new opportunities for our CPUs and GPUs. From a financial perspective, when the transaction closes, we expect to see an immediate benefit to gross margin, profitability and free cash flow.
Most importantly, in the time I have spent with Victor and his leadership team, it is very clear that we share similar cultures focused on innovation,
execution and deep collaboration with customers. The Xilinx team is one of the best in the industry and I am thrilled to welcome them to the AMD family. I am extremely happy that after the deal closes Xilinx CEO Victor Peng will be joining AMD as
President, responsible for the Xilinx business and strategic growth initiatives.
We expect the transaction to close by the end of 2021, pending required
shareholder and regulatory approvals. Until we close, the companies remain two separate, independent companies and it will be business as usual.
I am
extremely proud of how we are performing as a company and successfully accelerating our business. In the near-term, we must stay focused on executing our plans and capturing the significant growth opportunities we have for our Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC
products. The acquisition of Xilinx is an exciting step forward as we think about our longer-term growth. I look forward to discussing today’s news and our third quarter results in more detail during our WorldCast this week.
Best,
—Lisa.
LISA SU
President & Chief Executive
Officer |
AMD
Additional Information about the Acquisition and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed transaction, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) intends to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form
S-4
that will include a joint proxy statement of AMD and Xilinx, Inc. (Xilinx) and that also will constitute a prospectus with respect to shares of AMD’s common stock to be issued in the proposed transaction
(the “joint proxy statement/prospectus”). Each of AMD and Xilinx may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the joint proxy statement/prospectus or any
other document that AMD or Xilinx may file with the SEC. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) will be mailed to stockholders of AMD and Xilinx. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE OR WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) and other documents containing important information