EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
Media Contact:
Drew Prairie
AMD
Communications
512-602-4425
drew.prairie@amd.com
Investor Contact:
Mitch
Haws
AMD Investor Relations
408-749-3124
mitch.haws@amd.com
AMD to Significantly Expand Data Center AI Systems Capabilities with Acquisition of Hyperscale Solutions Provider ZT Systems
— Strategic acquisition to provide AMD with industry-leading systems expertise to accelerate deployment of optimized rack-scale
solutions addressing $400 billion data center AI accelerator opportunity in 2027 —
•
ZT Systems, a leading provider of AI and general purpose compute infrastructure for the world’s largest
hyperscale providers, brings extensive AI systems expertise that complements AMD silicon and software capabilities
•
Addition of world-class design and customer enablement teams to accelerate deployment of AMD AI rack scale
systems with cloud and enterprise customers
•
AMD to seek strategic partner to acquire ZT Systems’ industry-leading manufacturing
business
•
Transaction expected to be accretive on a
non-GAAP
basis by the end of
2025
SANTA CLARA, Calif. — August
19, 2024 —
AMD
(NASDAQ: AMD) today
announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire
ZT Systems
, a leading provider of AI infrastructure for the world’s largest hyperscale computing companies. The strategic transaction marks the next major step in AMD’s AI
strategy to deliver leadership AI training and inferencing solutions based on innovating across silicon, software and systems. ZT Systems’ extensive experience designing and optimizing cloud computing solutions will also help cloud and
enterprise customers significantly accelerate the deployment of
AMD-powered
AI infrastructure at scale.
AMD has agreed to acquire ZT Systems in a cash and stock transaction valued at $4.9 billion, inclusive of a contingent payment of up to
$400 million based on certain post-closing milestones. AMD expects the transaction to be accretive on a
non-GAAP
basis by the end of 2025.
“Our acquisition of ZT Systems is the next major step in our long-term AI strategy to deliver leadership training and inferencing
solutions that can be rapidly deployed at scale across cloud and enterprise customers,” said AMD Chair and CEO
Dr.
Lisa Su
. “ZT adds world-class systems design and rack-scale solutions expertise that will
significantly strengthen our data center AI systems and customer enablement capabilities. This acquisition also builds on the investments we have made to accelerate our AI hardware and software roadmaps. Combining our high-performance Instinct AI
accelerator, EPYC CPU, and networking product portfolios with ZT Systems’ industry-leading data center systems expertise will enable AMD to deliver
end-to-end
data
center AI infrastructure at scale with our ecosystem of OEM and ODM partners.”
Headquartered in Secaucus, New Jersey, ZT Systems has more than 15 years of experience
designing and deploying data center AI compute and storage infrastructure at scale for the largest global cloud companies. ZT Systems’ design, integration, manufacturing and deployment capabilities have made them one of the leading providers of
AI training and inference infrastructure.
“We are excited to join AMD and together play an even larger role designing the AI
infrastructure that is defining the future of computing,” said Frank Zhang, CEO of ZT Systems. “For almost 30 years we have evolved our business to become a leading provider of critical computing and storage infrastructure for the
world’s largest cloud companies. AMD shares our vision for the important role our technology and our people play designing and building the computing infrastructure powering the largest data centers in the world.”
Following transaction close, ZT Systems will join the AMD Data Center Solutions Business Group. ZT CEO Frank Zhang will lead the manufacturing
business and ZT President Doug Huang will lead the design and customer enablement teams, both reporting to AMD Executive Vice President and General Manager
Forrest Norrod
. AMD will seek a strategic partner to acquire ZT Systems’
industry-leading U.S.-based data center infrastructure manufacturing business.
The acquisition of ZT Systems marks the latest in a series
of investments by AMD to significantly strengthen the company’s AI capabilities. In the last 12 months, in addition to increasing organic R&D activities, AMD has invested more than $1 billion to expand the AMD AI ecosystem and
strengthen the company’s AI software capabilities.
Additional Transaction Details
The transaction has been unanimously approved by the AMD Board of Directors. The acquisition is currently expected to close in the first half
of 2025, subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
Conference Call and Webcast Details
AMD will hold a conference call for the financial community at 8:30 am EDT today to discuss the transaction. AMD will provide a real-time audio
broadcast of the teleconference on the Investor Relations page of its website at
ir.amd.com
. The webcast will be available for 12 months after the conference call.
Advisors
Citi is acting as exclusive
financial advisor to AMD and Latham & Watkins LLP is serving as its legal advisor. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as exclusive financial advisor to ZT Systems and Paul, Weiss, LLP is serving as its legal advisor.