EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
AMD PRESS RELEASE
Contact:
Brandi Martina
AMD
Communications
(512)
705-1720
Brandi.Martina@amd.com
Liz
Stine
AMD Investor Relations
(720)
652-3965
Liz.Stine@amd.com
AMD
Announces Agreement to Divest ZT Systems Data Center
Infrastructure Manufacturing Business to Sanmina
•
$3 billion in cash and stock, inclusive of a contingent payment of up to $450 million
•
AMD retains ZT Systems’ rack-scale AI solutions design and customer enablement expertise to accelerate
quality and
time-to-deployment
for cloud customers
•
Divestiture and preferred NPI manufacturing partnership with Sanmina consistent with intentions announced at the
time of ZT Systems acquisition
SANTA CLARA, Calif. —May 19, 2025 —
AMD
(NASDAQ: AMD) today
announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell ZT Systems’ U.S.-headquartered data center infrastructure manufacturing business to
Sanmina
(NASDAQ: SANM), a leading integrated manufacturing solutions company. As part of the
transaction, Sanmina becomes a preferred new product introduction (NPI) manufacturing partner for AMD cloud rack and cluster-scale AI solutions. AMD will retain ZT Systems’ world-class design and customer enablement teams to accelerate the
quality and
time-to-deployment
of AMD AI systems for cloud customers.
Sanmina will purchase the manufacturing business from AMD for $3 billion in cash and stock, inclusive of a contingent payment of up to
$450 million and subject to customary adjustments for working capital and other items. The transaction is expected to close near the end of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. The intent to seek a strategic
partner to acquire ZT Systems’ world-class data center infrastructure manufacturing business was announced in August 2024 at the time of the original acquisition announcement.
“By combining the deep experience of our AI systems design team with our new preferred NPI partnership with Sanmina, we expect to
strengthen our
U.S-based
manufacturing capabilities for rack and cluster-scale AI systems and accelerate quality and
time-to-market
for our cloud customers,” said Forrest Norrod, executive vice president and general manager, Data
Center Solutions business unit at AMD. “The ZT Systems manufacturing business and its expert team remain a very important and strategic partner to AMD. We look forward to working with
Sanmina to deliver world-class design, quality and manufacturing of AMD AI solutions supported by our open ecosystem approach.”
Sanmina is a U.S.-headquartered leading integrated manufacturing solutions provider serving the fastest growing segments of global Electronic
Manufacturing Services (EMS), offering
end-to-end
design, manufacturing, logistics and repair solutions for OEMs across a variety of industries.
“ZT Systems’ liquid cooling capabilities, high-quality manufacturing capacity and significant cloud and AI infrastructure experience
are the perfect complement to Sanmina’s global portfolio, mission-critical technologies and vertical integration capabilities,” said Jure Sola, Chairman and CEO of Sanmina Corporation. “Together, we will be better able to deliver a
competitive advantage to our customers with solutions for the entire product lifecycle. We look forward to our ongoing partnership with AMD as we work together to set the standard for quality and flexibility to benefit the entire AI ecosystem.”
Advisors
Morgan Stanley &
Co. LLC is acting as exclusive financial advisor to AMD and Latham & Watkins LLP is serving as the company’s legal advisor.