Exhibit 99.1
OpenAI and Amazon Announce Strategic Partnership
Amazon Web Services (AWS) and OpenAI will
co-create a Stateful Runtime Environment powered by OpenAI models, available on Amazon Bedrock for AWS customers to build generative
AI applications and agents at production scale
AWS will be the exclusive third-party cloud
distribution provider for OpenAI Frontier, which enables organizations to build, deploy, and manage teams of AI agents
OpenAI to consume 2 gigawatts of Trainium capacity
through AWS infrastructure to support demand for Stateful Runtime Environment, Frontier, and other advanced workloads
OpenAI and Amazon will develop customized models
available to power Amazon’s customer-facing applications
Amazon will invest $50 billion in
OpenAI
SAN FRANCISCO AND SEATTLE (BUSINESS WIRE) – OpenAI and
Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced a multi-year strategic partnership to accelerate AI innovation for enterprises,
startups, and end consumers around the world. Amazon will also invest $50 billion in OpenAI, starting with an initial $15
billion investment and followed by another $35 billion in the coming months when certain conditions are met.
Partnering to bring new advanced AI capabilities to enterprises
worldwide
OpenAI and Amazon are jointly developing a Stateful Runtime Environment
powered by OpenAI’s models, which will be available through Amazon Bedrock.
Stateful developer environments are the next generation of how frontier
models will be used, seamlessly enabling models to access elements like compute, memory, and identity. A Stateful Runtime Environment
allows developers to keep context, remember prior work, work across software tools and data sources, and access compute. They're designed
to handle ongoing projects and workflows.
These stateful developer environments will be trained to run optimally
on AWS's infrastructure and integrated with Amazon Bedrock AgentCore and infrastructure services so customers’ AI applications
and agents run cohesively with the rest of their infrastructure applications running in AWS. The Stateful Runtime Environment is expected
to launch in the next few months.
Bringing OpenAI’s most advanced enterprise platform to AWS
customers
AWS will serve as the exclusive third-party cloud distribution provider
for OpenAI Frontier, expanding access to OpenAI’s most advanced enterprise platform as demand for AI deployment accelerates across
industries.
Frontier enables organizations to build, deploy, and manage teams
of AI agents that operate across real business systems with shared context, built-in governance, and enterprise-grade
security, without managing underlying infrastructure. As companies
move from experimentation to production AI, Frontier makes it straightforward to integrate powerful AI into existing workflows quickly,
securely, and at global scale.
OpenAI to use Trainium compute to power growing Amazon customer
demand
OpenAI and AWS are expanding their existing $38 billion multi-year
agreement by $100 billion over 8 years. The expansion includes OpenAI committing to consume approximately 2 gigawatts of Trainium capacity
through AWS infrastructure, which will support demand for Stateful Runtime, Frontier, and other advanced workloads. This agreement lowers
the cost and improves the efficiency of producing intelligence at scale.
Under this structure, OpenAI secures long-term capacity while working
with AWS to deploy purpose-built silicon alongside its broader compute ecosystem, enabling enterprises to consume intelligence on demand
without managing underlying infrastructure.
This commitment spans both Trainium3 and next-generation Trainium4
chips and will power a broad range of advanced AI workloads. Trainium4, expected to begin delivery in 2027, will provide another major
performance gain, including significantly higher FP4 compute performance, expanded memory bandwidth, and increased high-bandwidth memory
capacity to support increasingly capable AI systems at scale.
Custom models available to power Amazon’s customer-facing
applications
OpenAI and Amazon will collaborate to develop customized models available
to Amazon developers to power Amazon’s customer-facing applications. Amazon teams will be able to tailor OpenAI models for use
across AI products and agents that serve customers directly. These capabilities will complement the models already available to Amazon
developers, including Amazon’s Nova family, offering another tool for teams to build and deliver at scale.
“OpenAI and Amazon share a belief that AI should show up in
ways that are practical and genuinely useful for people,” said Sam Altman, co-founder and CEO of OpenAI. ”Combining OpenAI’s
models with Amazon’s infrastructure and global reach helps us put powerful AI into the hands of businesses and users at real scale.”
“We have lots of developers and companies eager to run services
powered by OpenAI models on AWS, and our unique collaboration with OpenAI to provide stateful runtime environments will change what’s
possible for customers building AI apps and agents,” said Andy Jassy, President and CEO of Amazon. “We continue to be impressed
with what OpenAI is building, and we're excited not only about their choosing to go big on our custom AI silicon (Trainium), but also
our opportunity to invest in the company and partnership over the long-term.”
About OpenAI
OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company. Our mission is to
ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity.