Item 8.01
Other Events.
Broadcom Inc. (“Broadcom”) and Google LLC (“Google”) have entered into a Long Term Agreement for Broadcom to develop and supply custom Tensor Processing Units (“TPUs”) for Google’s future generations of TPUs and a Supply Assurance Agreement for Broadcom to supply networking and other components to be used in Google’s next-generation AI racks through up to 2031.
Separately, Broadcom, Google and Anthropic PBC (“Anthropic”) have expanded their current strategic collaboration under which Anthropic, beginning in 2027, will access through Broadcom approximately 3.5 gigawatts as part of the multiple gigawatts of next generation
TPU-based
AI compute capacity committed by Anthropic. The consumption of such expanded AI compute capacity by Anthropic is dependent on Anthropic’s continued commercial success. In connection with this deployment, the parties are in discussions with certain operational and financial partners.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Current Report on Form
8-K
contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs of Broadcom’s management, current information available to Broadcom’s management, and current market trends and market conditions, and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the risk factors discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” in Broadcom’s Annual Report on Form
10-K
for the year ended November 2, 2025, Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q
for the period ended February 1, 2026 and any subsequent reports that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and include some important risk factors that may affect future results. Broadcom undertakes no intent or obligation to publicly update or revise the forward-looking statements made in this Current Report on Form
8-K,
except as required by law.