EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
Broadcom Inc. Announces Pricing of Private Offering of Senior Notes
SAN JOSE, Calif.
– March 31, 2022
–
Broadcom Inc. (Nasdaq:
AVGO
) (“Broadcom”) announced today that it has priced
its previously announced offering (the “Offering”) of $750,000,000 of 4.00% Senior Notes due 2029 and $1,200,000,000 of 4.15% Senior Notes due 2032 (together, the “New Notes”). The New Notes will be unsecured obligations of the
Company and will rank
pari passu
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company. The Offering is expected to settle on April 14, 2022, subject to customary closing conditions.
Broadcom intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the New Notes to redeem in full its 4.700% Senior Notes due 2025 and 4.250% Senior Notes due 2026
(collectively, the “Redemption Notes”), including accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and to pay fees and expenses in connection therewith.
The New Notes are being sold in a private placement to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and to
non-U.S.
persons outside the United States under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The New Notes have not been registered under
the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and other applicable securities
laws.
This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the New Notes, nor shall there be any sale of the New Notes in
any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This notice is being issued pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 135c
under the Securities Act.
Nothing in this press release should be construed as an offer to purchase, notice of redemption or a solicitation of an offer
to purchase any of the Redemption Notes. The redemption of the Redemption Notes is conditioned on the completion by the Company of one or more debt financing transactions and the receipt of the net proceeds therefrom in an amount, together with cash
on hand, sufficient to pay the redemption price for the Redemption Notes.