EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Broadcom Inc. Announces Commencement of Private Offering of Senior Notes SAN JOSE, Calif. – March 31, 2022 – Broadcom Inc. (Nasdaq: AVGO ) (“Broadcom”) announced today that it intends to offer senior notes due 2029 and senior notes due 2032 (together, the “New Notes”), subject to market conditions and other factors. The New Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Company and will rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company. Broadcom intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the New Notes to redeem in full its 4.700% Senior Notes due 2025 and 4.250% Senior Notes due 2026 (collectively, the “Redemption Notes”), including accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and to pay fees and expenses in connection therewith. On or about the date hereof, Broadcom intends to commence exchange offers (the “Exchange Offers”) with respect to certain series of its and its subsidiaries’ outstanding notes maturing between 2027 and 2032 (such notes, the “Existing Notes”) for a new series of senior notes maturing in 2037 (the “Exchange Notes”), subject to market conditions and other factors. The Exchange Offers will be made pursuant to a separate exchange offering memorandum, and made available only to eligible holders of the Existing Notes. The Exchange Offers are expected to expire on or about April 27, 2022, unless extended, earlier expired or terminated by Broadcom in its sole discretion. The settlement of the Exchange Offers will be subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. The offering of the New Notes is not conditioned on the completion of the Exchange Offers and the completion of the Exchange Offers is not conditioned on the consummation of the offering of the New Notes. Broadcom is permitted, subject to applicable law, to amend, extend, terminate or withdraw the Exchange Offers in its sole discretion, and there can be no assurance that it will consummate the Exchange Offers on the terms described herein or at all. The New Notes and the Exchange Notes are being sold in private placements to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and to non-U.S. persons outside the United States under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The New Notes and the Exchange Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws. This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the New Notes or to exchange the Existing Notes, nor shall there be any sale of the New Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This notice is being issued pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 135c under the Securities Act. Nothing in this press release should be construed as an offer to purchase, notice of redemption or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any of the Redemption Notes. The redemption of the Redemption Notes is conditioned on the completion by the Company of one or more debt financing transactions and the receipt of the net proceeds therefrom in an amount, together with cash on hand, sufficient to pay the redemption price for the Redemption Notes. About Broadcom Inc. Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ: AVGO) is a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Broadcom’s category-leading product portfolio serves critical markets including data center, networking, enterprise software, broadband, wireless, storage and industrial. Our solutions include data center networking and storage, enterprise, mainframe and cyber security software focused on automation, monitoring and security, smartphone components, telecoms and factory automation. Cautionary Note Regarding