Item 5.02 Departure of Directors of Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. Appointment of New Director On and effective February 5, 2024, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Broadcom Inc. (“Broadcom”) increased the size of the Board to ten members and appointed Kenneth Y. Hao, Chairman and Managing Partner of Silver Lake, as an independent member of the Board. Mr. Hao has not been appointed to any Board committees at this time. The compensation of Mr. Hao will be consistent with Broadcom’s compensation of its other non-employee directors in effect and as described in Broadcom’s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2023. Mr. Hao was granted an initial restricted stock unit (“RSU”) award with a value of $53,279 on February 5, 2024, which will vest in full on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the date on which Broadcom’s annual meeting of stockholders immediately following the grant date is held, subject to his continued service on the Board. The number of shares of Broadcom common stock subject to this RSU award was determined by dividing the value of the RSU award by the average closing price of Broadcom common stock quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market over 30 calendar days immediately preceding the grant date. Mr. Hao will also enter into the standard form of Indemnification and Advancement Agreement with Broadcom, pursuant to which Broadcom agrees to indemnify its Board members to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the terms in such agreement. Retirement of Director Raul Fernandez notified the Board that he does not intend to stand for re-election at Broadcom’s 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the “2024 Annual Meeting”), effective February 5, 2024. Mr. Fernandez intends to continue to serve as a member of the Board, the Audit Committee and the Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee until his current term expires at the 2024 Annual Meeting. Mr. Fernandez’s decision not to stand for re-election is not due to any disagreement with Broadcom. The Board appreciates and thanks Mr. Fernandez for his invaluable contribution to Broadcom through his service as a member of the Board.