EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
Broadcom Inc. Announces Private Offering of Senior Notes
SAN JOSE, Calif. –
May 5, 2020
–
Broadcom Inc. (Nasdaq:
AVGO
) (“Broadcom”) announced today that it intends to
offer senior notes (the “New Notes”), subject to market conditions and other factors. The New Notes will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of Broadcom’s subsidiaries. Broadcom intends to use the net proceeds from
the sale of the New Notes for the repayment, retirement or repurchase of certain of its or its subsidiaries’ existing indebtedness, including, but not limited to, repayments of certain amounts outstanding under its November 2019 credit
agreement.
On or about the date hereof, Broadcom intends to commence exchange offers (the “Exchange Offers”) with respect to certain series of
its and its subsidiaries’ outstanding notes maturing between 2021 and 2024 (such notes, the “Existing Notes”) for one or more new series of senior notes maturing between 2026 and 2028 (the “Exchange Notes”). The Exchange
Offers will be made pursuant to a separate exchange offering memorandum, and made available only to eligible holders of the Existing Notes. The Exchange Offers are expected to expire on or about June 2, 2020, unless extended, earlier expired or
terminated by Broadcom in its sole discretion. The settlement of the Exchange Offers will be subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. The offering of the New Notes is not conditioned on the completion of the Exchange Offers and
the completion of the Exchange Offers is not conditioned on the consummation of the offering of the New Notes. Broadcom is permitted, subject to applicable law, to amend, extend, terminate or withdraw the Exchange Offers in its discretion, and there
can be no assurance that it will consummate the Exchange Offers on the terms described herein or at all.
The New Notes and the Exchange Notes are being
sold in private placements to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and to
non-U.S.
persons outside the United States under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The New Notes and the Exchange Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be
offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws.
This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the New Notes or to exchange the Existing Notes, nor shall there be any
sale of the New Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This notice is being issued pursuant to and in
accordance with Rule 135c under the Securities Act.