Item 8.01
Other Events.
On October 30, 2023, Broadcom Inc. and VMware, Inc. issued a joint press release that is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is
      incorporated herein by reference.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Current Report on Form 8-K relates to a proposed business combination transaction between Broadcom and VMware. This Current Report on Form 8-K
      includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. These forward-looking statements include but are not
      limited to statements that relate to the anticipated closing date of the proposed transaction. These forward-looking statements are identified by words such as “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “should,” “intend,” “plan,”
      “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “aim,” and similar words or phrases. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs of Broadcom and VMware management and current market trends and conditions.
These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that are outside Broadcom’s and VMware’s control and may cause actual results to
      differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements, including but not limited to: business disruption following the announcement and closing of the proposed transaction; difficulties in retaining and hiring key personnel and
      employees due to the proposed transaction and business combination; the diversion of management time on transaction-related issues; the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to completion of the proposed transaction, including the ability to
      secure regulatory approvals on the terms expected, at all or in a timely manner; the disruption of current plans and operations; the outcome of legal proceedings related to the Transaction; the ability to complete the proposed transaction on a timely
      basis or at all; the ability to successfully integrate VMware’s operations; cyber-attacks, information security and data privacy; global political and economic conditions, including cyclicality in the semiconductor industry and in Broadcom’s other
      target markets, rising interest rates, the impact of inflation and challenges in manufacturing and the global supply chain; the impact of public health crises, such as pandemics (including COVID-19) and epidemics and any related company or government
      policies and actions to protect the health and safety of individuals or government policies or actions to maintain the functioning of national or global economies and markets; and events and trends on a national, regional and global scale, including
      those of a political, economic, business, competitive and regulatory nature.
These risks, as well as other risks related to the proposed transaction, are included in the registration statement on Form S-4 and proxy
      statement/prospectus that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in connection with the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here is, and the list of factors presented in the registration statement on
      Form S-4 are, considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. For additional information about other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
      those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Broadcom’s and VMware’s respective periodic reports and other filings with the SEC, including the risk factors identified in Broadcom’s and VMware’s most recent Quarterly Reports on
      Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements included in this Current Report on Form 8-K are made only as of the date hereof. Neither Broadcom nor VMware undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statements
      to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required by law.
No Offer or Solicitation
This Current Report on Form 8-K is not intended to and shall not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell
      any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of
      any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made, except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Additional Information about the Transaction and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed transaction, Broadcom has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that includes a proxy statement of
      VMware and that also constitutes a prospectus of Broadcom. Each of Broadcom and VMware may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. The registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on October 3,
      2022 and the definitive proxy statement/prospectus has been mailed to VMware shareholders. This document is not a substitute for the proxy statement/prospectus or registration statement or any other document that Broadcom or VMware may file with the
      SEC. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT MAY BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND
      IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the registration statement and proxy
      statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about Broadcom, VMware and the proposed transaction once such documents are filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the
      documents filed with the SEC by Broadcom may be obtained free of charge on Broadcom’s website at https://investors.broadcom.com. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by VMware may be obtained free of charge on VMware’s website at ir.vmware.com.
Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
Exhibit No.
Description
99.1
Press Release issued by Broadcom Inc. dated October 30, 2023.
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).