Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On September 3, 2020, Broadcom Inc. (“Broadcom” or the “Company”) issued a press release announcing its unaudited financial results for the third fiscal quarter ended August 2, 2020. The Company will host an investor conference call on September 3, 2020 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time to discuss these results. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the press release dated September 3, 2020, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 7.01 Regulation FD. The Company will be presenting to investors at Deutsche Bank's Virtual Technology Conference on September 15, 2020. Item 8.01 Other Events. On September 3, 2020 , the Company announced that the Board has declared a quarterly cash dividend on the Company’s 8.00% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A (the "Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock"), of $20.00 per share. This dividend is payable on September 30, 2020 to Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock holders of record at the close of business (5:00 p.m., Eastern Time) on September 15, 2020. The Company also announced that the Board has declared a quarterly cash dividend on the Company's common stock of $3.25 per share. This dividend is payable on September 30, 2020 to common stockholders of record at the close of business (5:00 p.m., Eastern Time) on September 22, 2020. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release, dated September 3 , 2020, entitled “Broadcom Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Results and Quarterly Dividends.” 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL). The information contained in Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference to such filing. The information in this report, including the exhibit hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This report contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended) concerning Broadcom. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements that address our expected future business and financial performance and other statements identified by words such as “will”, “expect”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “should”, “intend”, “plan”, “potential”, “predict” “project”, “aim”, and similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs of the management of Broadcom, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, such management, current market trends and market conditions and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the Company’s and management’s control, and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Particular uncertainties that could materially affect future results include risks associated with: the COVID-19 pandemic, which has, and will likely continue to, negatively impact the global economy and disrupt normal business activity, and which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations; any loss of our significant customers and fluctuations in the timing and volume of significant customer demand; our dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourced supply chain; our dependency on a limited number of suppliers; global economic conditions and concerns; international political and economic conditions; government regulations, trade restrictions and trade tensions; our significant indebtedness and the need to generate sufficient cash flows to service and repay such debt; dependence on and risks associated with distributors and resellers of our products; dependence on senior management and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; any acquisitions we may make, such as delays, challenges and expenses associated with receiving governmental and regulatory approvals and satisfying other closing conditions, and with integrating acquired businesses with our existing businesses and our ability to achieve the benefits, growth prospects and synergies expected by such acquisitions; involvement in legal or administrative proceedings; quarterly and annual fluctuations in operating results; our ability to accurately estimate customers’ demand and adjust our manufacturing and supply chain accordingly; cyclicality in the semiconductor industry or in our target markets; our competitive performance and ability to continue achieving design wins with our customers, as well as the timing of any design wins; prolonged disruptions of our or our contract manufacturers’ manufacturing facilities, warehouses or other significant operations; our ability to improve our manufacturing efficiency and quality; our dependence on outsourced service providers for certain key business services and their ability to execute to our requirements; our ability to maintain or improve gross margin; our ability to protect our intellectual property and the unpredictability of any associated litigation expenses; compatibility of our software products with operating environments, platforms or third-party products; our ability to enter into satisfactory software license agreements; sales to our government clients; availability of third party software used in our products; use of open source code sources in our products; any expenses or reputational damage associated with resolving customer product warranty and indemnification claims; market acceptance of the end products into which our products are designed; our ability to sell to new types of customers and to keep pace with technological advances; our compliance with privacy and data security laws; our ability to protect against a breach of security systems; changes in accounting standards; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; our provision for income taxes and overall cash tax costs, legislation that may impact our overall cash tax costs and our ability to maintain tax concessions in certain jurisdictions; and other events and trends on a national, regional and global scale, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive and regulatory nature. Many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are, and will be, exacerbated by the outbreak of COVID-19 and any worsening of the global business and economic environment as a result. Our filings with the SEC, which you may obtain for free at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov, discuss some of the important risk factors that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Actual results may vary from the estimates provided. We undertake no intent or obligation to publicly update or revise any of the estimates and other forward-looking statements made in this announcement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.