Item 5.02.
Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
New Director Appointment
Effective January 10, 2020, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Broadcom Inc. (the “Company”) appointed Raul J. Fernandez as an independent director of the Company.
Mr. Fernandez, 53, has served as Vice Chairman and owner of Monumental Sports & Entertainment, a private partnership that
co-owns
the NBA’s Washington Wizards, the NHL’s Washington Capitals, the WNBA’s Washington Mystics and Wizards District Gaming NBA 2K team, and which
co-owns
and operates the Capital One Arena in Washington, DC, since 2010. He also serves as Special Advisor to and is a Limited Partner of each of General Atlantic Partners, a growth equity firm, and Carrick Capital Partners, a private equity firm. Mr. Fernandez previously served in several leadership roles at various technology companies, including, from 2004 to 2017, as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for ObjectVideo, Inc., a developer of intelligent video surveillance software. Mr. Fernandez also founded Proxicom, Inc., a global provider of
e-commerce
solutions for Fortune 500 companies, and served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of its board of directors since its inception in 1991 until its acquisition in 2001. He is currently on the board of directors of GameStop Corp., a public company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, where he also serves on the Audit Committee. Mr. Fernandez also served as a director of Kate Spade & Co. from 2001 through 2017, and previously served as a member of President George W. Bush’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology. Mr. Fernandez’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his more than two decades of extensive operating experience and executive leadership, as a founder and chief executive officer of technology and software companies, as well as his experience as a public company director.
Mr. Fernandez will participate in the
non-employee
director compensation arrangements generally applicable to all of the Company’s
non-employee
directors. Under the terms of those arrangements, as currently in effect, Mr. Fernandez received an initial restricted share unit award with a value of approximately $36,500 on January 10, 2020, his first date of service as a director, which will vest in full on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date and (ii) the date on which the Company’s annual meeting of stockholders immediately following the grant date is held, subject to his continuing service on the vesting date. The number of shares subject to this award was determined by dividing the value of the award by the average of the Company’s per share closing market prices, as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, over the 30 calendar days immediately preceding January 10, 2020. In addition, Mr. Fernandez will be entitled to receive the annual cash and equity compensation payable to other
non-employee
directors of the Company. Details regarding the Company’s
non-employee
director compensation program are set forth in the Company’s Proxy Statement related to its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2019.