Document
Exhibit 99.1
Google Announces Agreement to Acquire Wiz
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. and NEW YORK, N.Y. (March 18, 2025)—Google LLC today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Wiz, Inc., a leading cloud security platform headquartered in New York, for $32 billion, subject to closing adjustments, in an all-cash transaction. Once closed, Wiz will join Google Cloud.
This acquisition represents an investment by Google Cloud to accelerate two large and growing trends in the AI era: improved cloud security and the ability to use multiple clouds (multicloud).
Both cybersecurity and cloud computing are rapidly growing industries with a vast range of solutions. The increased role of AI, and adoption of cloud services, have dramatically changed the security landscape for customers, making cybersecurity increasingly important in defending against emergent risks and protecting national security.
Wiz delivers an easy-to-use security platform that connects to all major clouds and code environments to help prevent cybersecurity incidents. Organizations of all sizes — from start-ups and large enterprises to governments and public sector organizations — can use Wiz to protect everything they build and run in the cloud. Wiz is an innovative leader and continues to deliver new products with strong adoption, fueling rapid business growth, including over the last 12 months in which it has begun to deliver new categories of cybersecurity solutions.
Google Cloud is a leader in cloud infrastructure, with deep AI expertise and a track record of industry-leading security innovation. Bringing all this to Wiz will help make their solutions even better and more scalable, benefiting customers and partners across all major clouds. The combination of Google Cloud and Wiz will:
•
Vastly improve how security is designed, operated and automated — providing an end-to-end security platform for customers, of all types and sizes, in the AI era;
•
Scale cybersecurity teams by providing them an automated security platform;
•
Lower customers’ cost of implementing and managing security controls;
•
Protect against new threats emerging due to the advancement of AI, prevent breaches, and help organizations respond to breaches much more efficiently; and
•
Boost the adoption of multicloud security and, as a result, customers’ ability to use multiple clouds; further spurring innovation in and the adoption of cloud computing.
Wiz’s products will continue to work and be available across all major clouds, including Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Oracle Cloud platforms, and will be offered to customers through an array of partner security solutions. Google Cloud will also continue to offer customers wide choice through a variety of partner security solutions available in the Google Cloud Marketplace.
You can read more technical details about Wiz’s solutions, and how they will work with Google Cloud, on the Google Cloud blog and Wiz blog.
The deal is subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory approvals.
Webcast
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG, GOOGL) will host a webcast to discuss this announcement on Tuesday, March 18, at 6:00am Pacific Time (9:00am Eastern Time). Sundar Pichai, CEO, Google and Alphabet; Thomas Kurian, CEO, Google Cloud; Assaf Rappaport, CEO, Wiz; and Anat Ashkenazi, CFO, Google and Alphabet, will discuss the transaction.
The webcast can be accessed here: https://www.youtube.com/live/8jY5YBSRVEU. A replay will be available for two weeks through the same link following the webcast.
Quotes
Sundar Pichai, CEO, Google:
“From its earliest days, Google’s strong security focus has made us a leader in keeping people safe online. Today, businesses and governments that run in the cloud are looking for even stronger security solutions, and greater choice in cloud computing providers. Together, Google Cloud and Wiz will turbocharge improved cloud security and the ability to use multiple clouds.”
Thomas Kurian, CEO, Google Cloud: “
Google Cloud and Wiz share a joint vision to make cybersecurity more accessible and simpler to use for organizations of any size and industry. Enabling more companies to prevent cyber attacks, including in very complex business software environments, will help organizations minimize the cost, disruption and hassle caused by cybersecurity incidents.”
Assaf Rappaport, Co-Founder & CEO, Wiz:
"Wiz and Google Cloud are fully committed to continue supporting and protecting customers across all major clouds, helping keep them safe and secure wherever they operate. This is an exciting moment for our company, but an even more important one for customers and partners, as this acquisition will bolster our mission to improve security and prevent breaches by providing additional resources and deep AI expertise.”
Contacts
Investors:
investor-relations@abc.xyz
Press:
press@google.com