Item 2.02.     Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 24, 2023, Alphabet Inc. (“
Alphabet
” or the “
Company
”) is issuing a press release and holding a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
This information shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “
Exchange Act
”), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.
Alphabet is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures is contained in the attached press release.
Item 5.02.    Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On October 18, 2023, Ann Mather informed the Board of Directors of Alphabet (the “
Board
”) that she will be resigning as a member of the Board and its Audit and Compliance Committee (the “
Audit Committee
”), effective October 31, 2023. Her resignation did not result from any disagreement between the Company and Ms. Mather.
Ms. Mather has made tremendous contributions to the Company during her nearly 18 years on the Board. The Board and the executive team at the Company extend their deepest gratitude to Ms. Mather for her dedicated service.
In light of Ms. Mather’s decision, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board recommended, and the Board approved, the appointment of Robin L. Washington to serve as a member of the Audit Committee and Roger W. Ferguson Jr. to serve as the Chair of the Audit Committee, both effective October 31, 2023. Ms. Washington will continue to serve as the Chair of the Leadership Development, Inclusion and Compensation Committee of the Board.
Item 9.01.     Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d)
Exhibits
Exhibit No.
Description
99.1
Press release of Alphabet Inc. dated October 24, 2023
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL)