EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
Intel Corporation
2200 Mission College Blvd.
Santa Clara, CA 95054-1549
News Release
Intel CEO Pat Gelsinger Announces ‘IDM 2.0’ Strategy
for Manufacturing, Innovation and Product Leadership
IDM 2.0 is the Powerful Combination of Intel’s Internal Factory Network,
Third-party Capacity and New Intel Foundry Services
NEWS
HIGHLIGHTS
•
Announcing manufacturing expansion plans; beginning with ~$20 billion investment to build two new fabs in Arizona
•
Intel 7 nanometer process development progressing well with tape in of 7nm compute tile for “Meteor Lake”
expected in the second quarter of 2021
•
Announcing Intel Foundry Services with plans to become a major provider of foundry capacity in the U.S. and Europe to serve
customers globally
•
Announcing plans for new research collaboration with IBM
•
Bringing the spirit of Intel Developer Forum event back this year with Intel Innovation event planned for October in San
Francisco
SANTA CLARA, Calif., March 23, 2021 – Today, Intel CEO Pat Gelsinger outlined the company’s path forward to manufacture,
design and deliver leadership products and create long-term value for stakeholders. During the company’s global “Intel Unleashed: Engineering the Future” webcast, Gelsinger shared his vision for “IDM 2.0,” a major evolution
of Intel’s integrated device manufacturing (IDM) model. Gelsinger announced significant manufacturing expansion plans, starting with an estimated $20 billion investment to build two new factories (or “fabs”) in Arizona. He also
announced Intel’s plans to become a major provider of foundry capacity in the U.S. and Europe to serve customers globally.
More News and Resources:
Engineering the Future
1
(Press Kit)
“We are setting a course for a new era of innovation and
product leadership at Intel,” said Gelsinger. “Intel is the only company with the depth and breadth of software, silicon and platforms, packaging, and process with
at-scale
manufacturing customers
can depend on
1
https://newsroom.intel.com/press-kits/engineering/
-- more --
Intel/Page
 2
for their next-generation innovations. IDM 2.0 is an elegant strategy that only Intel can deliver – and it’s a winning formula. We will use it to design the best products and
manufacture them in the best way possible for every category we compete in.”
IDM 2.0 represents the combination of three components that will enable the
company to drive sustained technology and product leadership:
1.
Intel’s global, internal factory network for
at-scale
manufacturing
is a key competitive advantage that enables product optimization, improved economics and supply resilience. Today, Gelsinger
re-affirmed
the company’s expectation to continue manufacturing the
majority of its products internally. The company’s 7nm development is progressing well, driven by increased use of extreme ultraviolet lithography (EUV) in a rearchitected, simplified process flow. Intel expects to tape in the compute tile for
its first 7nm client CPU (code-named “Meteor Lake”) in the second quarter of this year. In addition to process innovation, Intel’s leadership in packaging technology is an important differentiator that enables the combination of
multiple IPs or “tiles” to deliver uniquely tailored products that meet diverse customer requirements in a world of pervasive computing.
2.
Expanded use of third-party foundry capacity.
Intel expects to build on its existing relationships with
third-party foundries, which today manufacture a range of Intel technology – from communications and connectivity to graphics and chipsets. Gelsinger said he expects Intel’s engagement with third-party foundries to grow and to include
manufacturing for a range of modular tiles on advanced process technologies, including products at the core of Intel’s computing offerings for both client and data center segments beginning in 2023. This will provide the increased flexibility
and scale needed to optimize Intel’s roadmaps for cost, performance, schedule and supply, giving the company a unique competitive advantage.
3.
Building a world-class foundry business, Intel Foundry Services.
Intel announced plans to become a major
provider of U.S.- and Europe-based foundry capacity to serve the incredible global demand for semiconductor manufacturing.
Intel/Page
 3
To deliver this vision, Intel is establishing a new standalone business unit, Intel Foundry Services (IFS), led by semiconductor industry veteran
Dr. Randhir Thakur
2
, who will report directly to Gelsinger. IFS will be differentiated from other foundry offerings with a combination of leading-edge process technology and packaging, committed capacity in the U.S. and
Europe, and a world-class IP portfolio for customers, including x86 cores as well as ARM and
RISC-V
ecosystem IPs. Gelsinger noted that Intel’s foundry plans have already received strong enthusiasm and
statements of support from across the industry.
To accelerate Intel’s IDM 2.0 strategy, Gelsinger announced a significant expansion of
Intel’s manufacturing capacity, beginning with plans for two new fabs in Arizona, located at the company’s Ocotillo campus. These fabs will support the increasing requirements of Intel’s current products and customers, as well as
provide committed capacity for foundry customers.
This
build-out
represents an investment of approximately
$20 billion, which is expected to create over 3,000 permanent high-tech, high-wage jobs; over 3,000 construction jobs; and approximately 15,000 local long-term jobs. Today, Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey and U.S. Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo
participated with Intel executives in the announcement. Gelsinger commented: “We are excited to be partnering with the state of Arizona and the Biden administration on incentives that spur this type of domestic investment.” Intel expects
to accelerate capital investments beyond Arizona, and Gelsinger said he plans to announce the next phase of capacity expansions in the U.S., Europe and other global locations within the year.
Intel plans to engage the technology ecosystem and industry partners to deliver on its IDM 2.0 vision. To that end, Intel and IBM today announced plans for an important
research collaboration focused on creating next generation logic and packaging technologies. For more than 50 years, the two companies have shared a deep commitment to scientific research, world-class engineering and a focus on bringing advanced
semiconductor technologies to market. These foundational technologies will help unleash the potential of data and advanced computation to create immense economic value.
2
https://newsroom.intel.com/biography/randhir-thakur/
Intel/Page
 4
Leveraging each company’s capabilities and talent in Hillsboro, Oregon, and Albany, New York, this collaboration aims to accelerate semiconductor manufacturing innovation across the
ecosystem, enhance the competitiveness of the U.S. semiconductor industry and support key U.S. government initiatives.
Finally, Intel is bringing back the spirit
of its popular Intel Developer Forum event this year with the launch of Intel On, a new industry event series. Gelsinger encouraged technology lovers to join him at this year’s Intel Innovation event planned for October in San Francisco.
For more information and to watch a replay of today’s webcast, visit the
Intel Newsroom
3
or
Intel’s
investor relations website
4
.