EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 July 19, 2021 Intel Elects Andrea Goldsmith to Board of Directors The dean of engineering and applied science at Princeton University will become an Independent director effective Sept. 1 SANTA CLARA, Calif., July 19, 2021 – Intel Corporation today announced that Dr. Andrea Goldsmith, Dean of Engineering and Applied Science and Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Princeton University, was elected to Intel’s board of directors, effective September 1, 2021. Goldsmith will serve as an independent director. “We are excited to welcome Andrea to Intel’s board of directors,” said Omar Ishrak, chairman of the Intel board. “Andrea is an accomplished academic, engineer, inventor and entrepreneur who is highly acclaimed for her foundational work in wireless communications. Coupled with her advocacy for increased diversity in science, technology, engineering and mathematics, Andrea will further strengthen the board.” Goldsmith, 57, spent more than two decades at Stanford University before she was named Dean of Engineering and Applied Science at Princeton in 2020. From 2012 to 2020, Goldsmith served as the Stephen Harris Professor of Engineering and as a Professor of Electrical Engineering at Stanford. From 2010 to 2014, Goldsmith co-founded and served as the Chief Technology Officer at Plume WiFi (formerly Accelera, Inc.), a provider of software-defined wireless networking technology. From 2005 to 2009, Goldsmith also co-founded and served as Chief Technology Officer at Quantenna Communications (formerly mySource Communications, Inc.), a producer of silicon chipsets designed for high-speed, wireless networking. Goldsmith’s research focuses on the fundamental performance limits of wireless systems, especially with regard to 5G wireless, the mobile internet of things, smart grid design and the applications of communications and signal processing to biology and neuroscience. Goldsmith has significant public company board experience. She currently serves on the boards of Medtronic and Crown Castle International. Goldsmith has served on the technical advisory boards of several private companies. “I’m thrilled to be joining Intel’s board of directors at such an exciting time for the company. The bold strategy that Pat Gelsinger has laid out opens up the door to seemingly limitless possibilities for Intel. I look forward to bringing my knowledge of wireless networking technology to help shape the company’s future,” said Goldsmith. With Goldsmith’s addition, there will be ten board members. Intel’s Board will be comprised of 40% women and 30% of directors who are either racially or ethnically diverse. About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC), Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) is an industry leader, creating world-changing technology that enables global progress and enriches lives. Inspired by Moore’s Law, we continuously work to advance the design and manufacturing of semiconductors to help address our customers’ greatest challenges. By embedding intelligence in the cloud, network, edge and every kind of computing device, we unleash the potential of data to transform business and society for the better. To learn more about Intel’s innovations, go to newsroom.intel.com and intel.com . © Intel Corporation. Intel, the Intel logo, and other Intel marks are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries. Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. CONTACTS: Timothy Blankenship