Item 2.02
Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 21, 2021, Intel Corporation (“Intel”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its third quarter ended September 25, 2021 and forward-looking statements relating to its fourth quarter and full year 2021. The press release also announces the decision of George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of Intel, to retire from the company in May 2022, as discussed in Item 5.02 below. A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.
The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP measures will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the third quarter of 2021. In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations to these results should be carefully evaluated.
The information in Item 2.02 of this Report and the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 are furnished and shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 5.02    Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b)  Departure of Certain Officers
On October 18, 2021, George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and CFO of Intel, notified Intel that he has decided to retire from the company in May 2022. Mr. Davis will continue to serve in his current role while Intel conducts a search for a new CFO and until his successor is appointed, and it is anticipated that he will assist in the transition of his role thereafter until his retirement.
Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d)
Exhibits.
The following exhibits are provided as part of this Report:
Exhibit Number
Description
99.1
Press Release issued by Intel entitled “Intel Reports Third-Quarter 2021 Financial Results” dated October 21, 2021
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101.