Item 5.02
Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(e)    Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On January 15, 2020, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Intel Corporation (“Intel”) approved a new Executive Annual Performance Bonus Plan (the “Plan”), replacing the 2014 Annual Performance Bonus Plan (the existing annual cash bonus plan for executive officers), to enhance the ability of the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Committee”) to structure annual cash incentive compensation for Intel’s executive officers in alignment with Intel’s strategic objectives. All of Intel’s executive officers are eligible to participate in the Plan.
Under the Plan, the Committee will establish, on an annual basis, the performance criteria and goals, and the relative weightings thereof, applicable to each executive officer’s bonus opportunity. These performance criteria and goals can include both absolute measures of Intel’s performance and goals based upon Intel’s performance relative to peers, other companies, or the broader market. The performance criteria and goals can also include individual performance metrics. The Committee will also establish, on an annual basis, each executive officer’s target bonus opportunity. Following the completion of each performance period, the Committee will review Intel’s results relative to these criteria and goals and determine the cash bonus payment for each executive officer. The maximum annual bonus payable under the Plan to any one executive for any performance period will not exceed 300% of the target level incentive bonus opportunity specified by the Committee. The Committee continues to have the right to reduce executive officers’ cash bonus payments under the Plan by any amount on the basis of such considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine.
The Board believes that the Plan, as compared to Intel’s existing annual cash bonus plan, provides the Committee with an enhanced ability to determine, on an annual basis, the performance criteria and goals that most closely align with Intel’s strategic objectives and the economic environment in which Intel operates, as well as provides the Committee with the ability to better take into account feedback from stakeholders in setting these criteria and goals.
The foregoing description of the Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual terms of the Plan, which is filed as an exhibit hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits.
The following exhibits are provided as part of this report:
Exhibit
Number
Description
10.1
Intel Corporation Executive Annual Performance Bonus Plan.
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101.