Item 8.01 Other Events. On January 23, 2026, the Company filed a prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) to supersede and replace the prospectus supplement filed on September 5, 2025 (the “prior prospectus supplement”), pursuant to the terms of the Warrant and Common Stock Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2025 (the “Purchase Agreement”), by and between the Company and the United States Department of Commerce (the “selling securityholder”). The prospectus supplement was filed solely to transfer the registration of the offer and sale of the securities described in the prior prospectus supplement to the Company’s new registration statement referenced below. The securities described in the prospectus supplement are the same securities that were registered on the prior prospectus supplement and that were issued or are issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. No new securities have been issued or are issuable to the selling securityholder. The filing of the resale prospectus supplement is not itself a sale of securities by the selling securityholder and does not necessarily mean that the selling securityholder will choose to sell any securities. If any securities are sold by the selling securityholder, the Company would not receive any proceeds from that sale. No securities will be issued or sold by the Company pursuant to the resale prospectus supplement. The resale prospectus supplement was filed pursuant to the Company’s automatic “shelf” Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-292925), filed with the SEC on January 23, 2026. The Company is filing this current report to provide the legal opinion as to the validity of the shares of common stock and the warrant covered by the resale prospectus supplement, which opinion is attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are provided as part of this report: Exhibit Number Description 5.1 Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 23.1 Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101.