EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
Intel Corporation
2200 Mission College Blvd.
Santa Clara, CA 95054-1549
News Release
Intel Announces Proposed $15 Billion Common Stock Offering
Proceeds Intended to Support General Corporate Purposes, Including Capital Expenditures and Working Capital
SANTA CLARA, Calif., August 10, 2026 - Intel Corporation (Nasdaq: INTC) today announced a $15 billion underwritten public offering of common stock.
Why Now
Customers continue to signal a strong and
sustainable demand environment, driven by unprecedented investment in AI compute. Progress in emerging areas including physical AI, purpose-built silicon, advanced packaging and external wafers represent significant growth opportunities for Intel.
Use of Proceeds
Intel intends to use the net
proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, capital expenditures and working capital.
The
offering is intended to further enable Intel to pursue the growth opportunities ahead while maintaining a strong balance sheet and its commitment to an investment-grade rating.
Investment Discipline
Intel remains disciplined in
capital deployment, aligning investments with customer demand and clear return expectations.
Additional Transaction Details
Intel expects to grant to the underwriters of the offering a
30-day
option to purchase up to an aggregate total of
$2.25 billion of additional shares of common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts.
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., are acting as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering.
Registration Statement and Prospectus
Intel has
filed a registration statement on Form
S-3
(including a preliminary prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should
read the preliminary prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Intel has filed with the SEC for more complete information