EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1
Intel Corporation
2200 Mission College Blvd.
Santa Clara, CA 95054-1549
Intel Elects Dion J. Weisler to Board of Directors
SANTA CLARA, Calif., June 17, 2020 – Intel Corporation today announced that Dion J. Weisler, former President & CEO of HP Inc., was elected to
Intel’s board of directors. Weisler will serve as an independent director and member of the compensation and finance committees.
“We are excited to
welcome Dion to the board,” said Intel Chairman, Omar Ishrak. “He brings a deep understanding of the Intel customer experience and a wealth of technical industry knowledge spanning client, cloud and network computing. Dion also shares
Intel’s strong commitment to corporate responsibility, having championed diversity and inclusion as well as sustainability while leading HP.”
Weisler,
52, has extensive global executive experience, including serving as the President and Chief Executive Officer of HP Inc. from 2015 to 2019. Prior to this, he held senior executive roles at HP Co. and Lenovo Group, Inc. where he was responsible for
various operations in Asia Pacific and globally. His experience also includes management positions with Telstra Corp. Ltd., a telecommunications company, and Acer Inc. Weisler also has significant public company board experience. This includes
serving on the HP Inc. board from 2015 to May 2020. He currently serves as a director on the boards of Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. and BHP.
“Having admired
Intel for more than three decades as the company that fueled compute as we know it, I’m honored and excited to join them as they transform to capitalize on new markets fueled by the incredible growth of data and intelligence. Their rich
entrepreneurial culture, unique innovation and scale positions Intel to drive a positive global impact for decades to come,” said Weisler.
Intel’s
company bylaws designate a range of nine to 15 board members. With this addition, there are currently ten members on the board. Since 2018, Intel has added four independent directors, half of whom are women, including one who is an underrepresented
minority.
“In the last two years, Intel has made significant changes to its board of directors, having reduced the average tenure, added critical skills and
increased board diversity,” said Ishrak. “While we view this as positive progress, we are not satisfied. Consistent with Intel’s values, we expect to continue adding additional directors with a specific focus on increasing the
representation of racially and ethnically diverse board members.”