EX-99.2 Exhibit 99.2 Intel Corporation 2200 Mission College Blvd. Santa Clara, CA 95054-1549 News Release Intel Announces Upsize and Pricing of $20 Billion Common Stock Offering SANTA CLARA, Calif., August 10, 2026—Intel Corporation (Nasdaq: INTC) today announced the pricing of its previously announced registered public offering of common stock. Intel priced the underwritten public offering of 210,526,315 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $95 per share. Intel has granted to the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 31,578,947 additional shares of common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts. The offering was upsized to $20 billion from the previously announced offering size of $15 billion. The offering is expected to close on August 12, 2026, subject to customary closing conditions. The net proceeds from the offering will be approximately $19.7 billion (assuming the underwriters do not exercise their option to purchase additional shares), after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by Intel. Intel intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, capital expenditures and working capital. J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley and Citigroup are acting as joint book-running managers of the offering. Barclays, BofA Securities, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole CIB, Deutsche Bank Securities, Mizuho, RBC Capital Markets, TD Securities, Wells Fargo Securities and Cantor are also acting as book-running managers. Academy Securities, COMMERZBANK, PJT Partners, Blaylock Van, C.L. King & Associates and Ramirez & Co., Inc. are acting as co-managers. Registration Statement and Prospectus Intel has filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Intel has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Intel and the offering. The offering may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. Copies of the registration statement, preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering can be obtained by visiting the SEC’s website at https://www.sec.gov or by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com and postsalemanualrequests@broadridge.com; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526, facsimile: 212-902-9316 or by emailing prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; or Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at 1-800-831-9146. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor does it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale of these securities, in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration and qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. About Intel Corporation Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) designs and manufactures advanced semiconductors that connect and power the modern world. Every day, our engineers create new technologies that enhance and shape the future of computing to enable new possibilities for every customer we serve. © Intel Corporation. Intel, the Intel logo, and other Intel marks are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries. Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.