Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On February 13, 2024, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Meta Platforms, Inc. (the "Company") elected John Arnold and Hock Tan as members of the Board, effective immediately. The Board also appointed Messrs. Arnold and Tan as members of the Audit & Risk Oversight Committee of the Board, effective immediately. A copy of the press release announcing the elections is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The Board has determined that each of Messrs. Arnold and Tan qualifies as an independent director under the corporate governance standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Each of Messrs. Arnold and Tan will receive compensation for his service as a non-employee member of the Board as set forth in the Company's Director Compensation Policy.
There are no arrangements or understandings between either of Messrs. Arnold or Tan and any other person pursuant to which each of Messrs. Arnold and Tan was selected as a director, and there are no transactions in which the Company is a party and in which Mr. Arnold has a material interest subject to disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Tan is the president and chief executive officer of Broadcom Inc. ("Broadcom"). The Company is a party to certain arrangements with Broadcom, whereby the Company directly and indirectly purchases Broadcom’s component products. The Company is also a party to certain other arrangements with Broadcom whereby Broadcom provides it with services such as design, development and engineering and the Company pays Broadcom directly for these services. In 2023, the total amount paid to Broadcom under these arrangements was approximately $500.4 million.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
Exhibit Number
Exhibit Title or Description
99.1
Press release dated February 14, 2024
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document)