Item 1.05. Material Cybersecurity Incidents On January 12, 2024, Microsoft (the “Company” or “we”) detected that beginning in late November 2023, a nation-state associated threat actor had gained access to and exfiltrated information from a very small percentage of employee email accounts including members of our senior leadership team and employees in our cybersecurity, legal, and other functions, on the basis of preliminary analysis. We were able to remove the threat actor’s access to the email accounts on or about January 13, 2024. We are examining the information accessed to determine the impact of the incident. We also continue to investigate the extent of the incident. We have notified and are working with law enforcement. We are also notifying relevant regulatory authorities with respect to unauthorized access to personal information. As of the date of this filing, the incident has not had a material impact on the Company’s operations. The Company has not yet determined whether the incident is reasonably likely to materially impact the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. This Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements, which are any predictions, projections or other statements about future events based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and the Company undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statement to conform the statement to actual results or changes in the Company’s expectations. Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure On January 19, 2024, the Company posted a blog regarding the incident. A copy of the blog is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits: 99.1 Microsoft Blog Post dated January 19, 2024 titled “Microsoft Actions Following Attack by Nation State Actor Midnight Blizzard” 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)