EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Microsoft to Acquire Activision Blizzard to Bring the Joy and Community of Gaming to Everyone, Across Every Device Legendary games, immersive interactive entertainment, and publishing expertise accelerate growth in Microsoft’s Gaming business across mobile, PC, console, and cloud. REDMOND, Wash. January 18, 2022 – With three billion people actively playing games today and fueled by a new generation steeped in the joys of interactive entertainment, gaming is now the largest and fastest-growing form of entertainment. Today, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) announced plans to acquire Activision Blizzard, Inc. (Nasdaq: ATVI), a leader in game development and interactive entertainment content publisher. This acquisition will accelerate the growth in Microsoft´s gaming business across mobile, PC, console, and cloud and will provide building blocks for the metaverse. Microsoft will acquire Activision Blizzard for $95.00 per share, in an all-cash transaction valued at $68.7 billion, inclusive of Activision Blizzard’s net cash. When the transaction closes, Microsoft will become the world’s third-largest gaming company by revenue, behind Tencent and Sony. The planned acquisition includes iconic franchises from the Activision, Blizzard and King studios like Warcraft, Diablo, Overwatch, Call of Duty and Candy Crush, in addition to global eSports activities through Major League Gaming. The company has studios around the world with nearly 10,000 employees. Bobby Kotick will continue to serve as CEO of Activision Blizzard, and he and his team will maintain their focus on driving efforts to further strengthen the company’s culture and accelerate business growth. Once the deal closes, the Activision Blizzard business will report to Phil Spencer, CEO, Microsoft Gaming. “Gaming is the most dynamic and exciting category in entertainment across all platforms today and will play a key role in the development of metaverse platforms,” said Satya Nadella, Chairman and CEO, Microsoft. “We’re investing deeply in world-class content, community, and the cloud to usher in a new era of gaming that puts players and creators first and makes gaming safe, inclusive, and accessible to all.” “Players everywhere love Activision Blizzard games, and we believe their creative teams have their best work in front of them,” said Phil Spencer, CEO, Microsoft Gaming. “Together we will build a future where people can play the games they want, anywhere they want.” “For more than 30 years our incredibly talented teams have created some of the most successful games,” said Bobby Kotick, CEO, Activision Blizzard. “The combination of Activision Blizzard’s world class talent and extraordinary franchises with Microsoft´s technology, distribution, access to talent, ambitious vision, and shared commitment to gaming and inclusion will help ensure our continued success in an increasingly competitive industry.” Mobile is the largest segment in gaming, with nearly 95% of all players globally enjoying games on mobile. Through great teams and technology, Microsoft and Activision Blizzard will empower players to enjoy immersive franchises, like Halo and Warcraft, anywhere they want. And with games like Candy Crush, Activision Blizzard´s mobile business represents a significant presence and opportunity for Microsoft in this fast-growing segment. The acquisition also bolsters Microsoft’s Game Pass portfolio with plans to launch Activision Blizzard games into Game Pass, which has reached a new milestone of over 25 million subscribers. With Activision Blizzard’s nearly 400 million monthly active players in 190 countries and three billion-dollar franchises, this acquisition will make Game Pass one of the most compelling and diverse line-ups of gaming content in the industry. Upon close, Microsoft will have 30 internal game development studios, along with additional publishing and esports production capabilities. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and completion of regulatory review and Activision Blizzard´s shareholder approval. The deal is expected to close in Microsoft’s fiscal year ending June 2023 and will be accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share upon close. The transaction has been approved by the boards of directors of both Microsoft and Activision Blizzard. Advisors Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is serving as financial advisor to Microsoft and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP is serving as legal counsel. Allen & Company LLC is acting as financial advisor to Activision Blizzard and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP is serving as legal counsel. Webcast Details Microsoft Chairman and CEO Satya Nadella, CEO, Activision Blizzard, Bobby Kotick, CEO, Microsoft Gaming, Phil Spencer, and Microsoft Chief Financial Officer Amy Hood will host a webcast for investors and media on January 18, 2022, at 6:00 a.m. Pacific Time / 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time regarding this transaction. • U.S. Phone #: (877) 407-066 6 (No password required) • International #: +1-201-689-8023 (No password required) • Link to the webcast: https://aka.ms/MS-Investor-Call There will be a recording of the conference call available shortly after the call until Friday, January 21, 2022, at 5 p.m. Pacific Time. To access that recording: • U.S. Dial #: (877) 660-6853 • International calls dial #: +1 (201) 612-7415 • Enter Conference ID: 13726291 For more information, please visit the blog post from Phil Spencer, CEO, Microsoft Gaming. Find related imagery here . For broadcast quality b-roll and audio, please contact XboxPress@assemblyinc.com .XboxPress@assemblyinc.com. • Fast Facts on Gaming • The $200+ billion gaming industry is the largest and fastest-growing form of entertainment. • In 2021 alone, the total number of video game releases was up 64% compared to 2020 and 51% of players in the US reported spending more than 7 hours per week playing across console, PC, and mobile. • 3 billion people globally play games today, which we expect to grow to 4.5 billion by 2030. • More than 100 million gamers, including over 25 million Xbox Game Pass members, play Xbox games across console, PC, mobile phones and tablets each month. *******