Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 16, 2020, Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) announced its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. The Letter to Shareholders, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial measures of free cash flow and EBITDA.  Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company’s performance, financial position, or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Management believes that the non-GAAP measures of free cash flow and EBITDA are important liquidity metrics because they measure, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments and for certain other activities or the amount of cash used in operations, including investments in global streaming content.  However, these non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, net income, operating income, diluted earnings per share and net cash provided by operating activities, or other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of these non-GAAP measures are contained in tabular form in Exhibit 99.1.
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On July 13, 2020, Ted Sarandos, age 55, was appointed as co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  Mr. Sarandos will serve as co-Chief Executive Officer with Reed Hastings, the Company’s co-Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board.  Additionally, Mr. Sarandos has been appointed to the Company's Board of Directors (the “Board”) and will hold office as a class III director.  He has not yet been appointed to serve as a member of any Board committee.  Both appointments were effective as of July 14, 2020.  Mr. Sarandos has been responsible for all content operations since 2000 and will continue to also serve as the Company’s Chief Content Officer.
On July 13, 2020, Greg Peters, age 49, was appointed as the Company's Chief Operating Officer, effective July 14, 2020.  Mr. Peters has served as the Company’s Chief Product Officer since 2017 and will continue in this role in addition to serving as Chief Operating Officer.
A copy of the Letter to Shareholders dated July 16, 2020 which includes this information is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02.
The information in this report shall not be treated as “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as expressly stated by specific reference in such filing.
Item 9.01 Financial Statement and Exhibits.
(d)   Exhibit
99.1
Letter to Shareholders dated:
July 16, 2020
EXHIBIT INDEX
Exhibit No.
Description of Exhibit
99.1*
Letter to Shareholders dated:
July
16
, 20
20
* This exhibit is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
The Letter to Shareholders will be attached as Exhibit 99.1.