Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On October 18, 2023, Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) announced its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The Letter to Shareholders, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial information. A reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of non-GAAP measures is contained in tabular form in Exhibit 99.1. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures because we are unable to predict without unreasonable effort the exact amount or timing of the reconciling items, including property and equipment and change in other assets, and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. The variability of these items could have a significant impact on our future GAAP financial results. The information contained in this Item 2.02 and the accompanying Exhibit 99.1 are “furnished” and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing. Item 8.01 Other Events. In September 2023, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) authorized the repurchase of an additional $10 billion of the Company’s common stock, in addition to the repurchase program authorized in March 2021, each without an expiration date. Following the increase, the Company had approximately $10.9 billion available for repurchases as of September 30, 2023. Stock repurchases may be effected through open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase plans, block purchases, or other similar purchase techniques and in such amounts as management deems appropriate. We are not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, general economic, business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities. The Company may discontinue purchases without notice at any time. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 99.1 Letter to Shareholders dated October 18, 2023 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)