Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On April 18, 2023, Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) announced its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. The Letter to Shareholders, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial measures of F/X neutral revenue and operating margin, free cash flow, last twelve months ("LTM") EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company’s performance, financial position, or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Management believes that the non-GAAP measures of free cash flow, LTM EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are important liquidity metrics because they measure, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make strategic acquisitions and investments and for certain other activities like stock repurchases. Management believes that F/X neutral revenue and operating margin allows investors to compare our projected results to our actual results absent intra-year currency fluctuations. However, these non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, net income, operating income, operating margin, diluted earnings per share and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, or other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of this non-GAAP measure is contained in tabular form in Exhibit 99.1. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures because we are unable to predict without unreasonable effort the exact amount or timing of the reconciling items, including property and equipment and change in other assets, and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. The variability of these items could have a significant impact on our future GAAP financial results The information contained in this Item 2.02 and the accompanying Exhibit 99.1 are “furnished” and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 99.1 Letter to Shareholders dated April 18, 2023 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)