Exhibit 99.1 Qualcomm and SSW Partners Reach Definitive Agreement to Acquire Veoneer • All-cash transaction at $37.00 per share provides superior value to Veoneer shareholders • Acquisition agreement structure positions all of Veoneer’s businesses for success • Augments Qualcomm’s ability to create an open and competitive ADAS platform for the global auto industry • SSW Partners to acquire Veoneer’s RCS and Active Safety businesses and lead the process to find long-term strategic partners SAN DIEGO, NEW YORK and STOCKHOLM, October 4, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) and SSW Partners, a New York-based investment partnership (“SSW Partners”), today announced they have reached a definitive agreement to acquire Veoneer, Inc. (NYSE: VNE; SSE: VNE SDB) for $37.00 per share in an all-cash transaction, representing a total equity value for Veoneer of $ 4.5 billion . Veoneer has terminated its prior acquisition agreement with Magna International Inc. (“Magna”) and canceled its October 19, 2021, special meeting that was previously scheduled to approve that agreement. At closing, SSW Partners will acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of Veoneer, shortly after which it will sell the Arriver business to Qualcomm and retain Veoneer’s Tier-1 supplier businesses. SSW Partners will lead the process of finding strong, long-term strategic partners. This transaction structure facilitates the long-term success of all Veoneer’s businesses. Having already demonstrated a successful partnership with Arriver, Qualcomm believes that the Arriver business will thrive at Qualcomm. Upon close of the transactions, Qualcomm will incorporate Arriver’s Computer Vision, Drive Policy and Driver Assistance assets into its leading Snapdragon Ride™ Advanced Driver Assistance Systems ( ADAS) solution. This will augment Qualcomm’s ability to deliver an open and competitive ADAS platform for automakers and Tier-1s at scale. SSW Partners will work with Veoneer’s management to ensure the pursuit of Veoneer’s existing business plan and to identify strong, long-term strategic partners for the Restraint Control Systems (RCS) and Active Safety businesses. The principals of SSW Partners have substantial investing, operating and transaction experience internationally, as well as a track record of success in collaborating with management teams in multiple geographies and industries. They are experienced investors and advisors in both Europe and the automotive sector and will prioritize the smooth continuation of business activities for the customers and employees of the RCS and Active Safety businesses. SSW Partners’ investment in Veoneer will represent its first capital commitment as a partnership since its founding at the beginning of the year. 1 “Qualcomm is the natural owner of Arriver. By integrating these assets, Qualcomm accelerates its ability to deliver a leading and horizontal ADAS solution as part of its digital chassis platform,” said Cristiano Amon, president and CEO of Qualcomm Incorporated. “We believe that this transaction and structure benefits both Qualcomm’s and Veoneer’s shareholders, positions all of Veoneer’s businesses for success and provides a compelling opportunity to customers and employees.” “This transaction creates superior value for our shareholders,” said Jan Carlson, Chairman, President and CEO of Veoneer. “It also provides attractive opportunities to our Arriver team at Qualcomm and allows our other businesses to find long-term industrial partners where they can continue to develop.” Mr. Carlson continued, “Our board and management team remain focused on delivering on our objectives, driving continuous improvements across the organization and launching new technologies and programs for our customers. Despite significant industry-wide challenges, our team has done an outstanding job positioning Veoneer for success, building on our leading ecosystem of partners, cutting-edge technology and a strong order book.” “We are excited to partner with Qualcomm to acquire Veoneer,” said Antonio Weiss and Josh Steiner of SSW Partners. “While Qualcomm focuses on the Arriver business, we will focus on finding strong, long-term strategic homes for the rest of Veoneer’s businesses – we are committed to ensuring that Veoneer’s employees prosper, the businesses continue to innovate and grow and customers continue to have uninterrupted access to the outstanding service and quality for which Veoneer is known. We have high regard for Veoneer’s management team and look forward to partnering with them to ensure a successful outcome for all stakeholders .” Transaction Details The cash purchase price of $37.00 per share represents an 18% premium to Veoneer’s prior agreement with Magna, and an 86% premium to the unaffected share price prior to the announcement of the Magna agreement. The transaction has been approved by the boards of directors of Qualcomm and Veoneer and is subject to approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 in the United States, certain European foreign direct investment approvals, approval by Veoneer stockholders and other customary conditions. The transaction is expected to close in 2022. The announcement follows the Veoneer board’s determination, with the assistance of its financial and legal advisors, that a formal acquisition offer Veoneer received from Qualcomm and SSW Partners on October 1, 2021 constitutes a “Superior Proposal” under the terms of Veoneer’s merger agreement with Magna dated July 22, 2021. Magna has waived its right to submit a revised proposal to Veoneer. Centerview Partners LLC and Evercore Group L.L.C. acted as financial advisors to Qualcomm and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP acted as legal counsel. Davis Polk & Wardwell acted as legal counsel to SSW Partners. Morgan Stanley and Rothschild & Co. acted as financial advisors to Veoneer, and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP acted as legal counsel. 2 Veoneer’s regulatory filings related to this announcement will be found at: https://www.veoneer.com/en/sec-filings About Qualcomm Qualcomm is the world's leading wireless technology innovator and the driving force behind the development, launch, and expansion of 5G. When we connected the phone to the internet, the mobile revolution was born. Today, our foundational technologies enable the mobile ecosystem and are found in every 3G, 4G and 5G smartphone. We bring the benefits of mobile to new industries, including automotive, the internet of things, and computing, and are leading the way to a world where everything and everyone can communicate and interact seamlessly. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of our products and services businesses, including our QCT semiconductor business. About SSW Partners LP SSW Partners invests in high-quality businesses and collaborates with partners to create enduring value for all stakeholders. We focus on businesses that consistently invest in their products and people, have built their reputations based on the quality of the goods they produce or services they provide, who have demonstrated the capacity for innovation and constant improvement, and who prioritize the interests of all stakeholders, including employees, customers, owners, and the communities in which the businesses operate. About Veoneer Veoneer, Inc. is a worldwide leader in automotive technology. Our purpose is to create trust in mobility. We design, develop, and manufacture state-of-the-art software, hardware and systems for occupant protection, advanced driving assistance systems, and collaborative and automated driving to OEMs globally. Headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, Veoneer has 7,500 employees in 11 countries. In 2020, sales amounted to $1.37 billion. The Company is building on a heritage of close to 70 years of automotive safety development. In 2018, Veoneer became an independent, publicly traded company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: VNE) and on the Nasdaq Stockholm (SSE: VNE SDB). Qualcomm Automotive solutions, including the Snapdragon Ride ADAS solution and Digital Chassis platform, are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. 3 Not e Regarding