Item 5.02.    Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On August 25, 2025, Neil Martin, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) of QUALCOMM Incorporated (the Company), accepted the role of Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, where he will lead the Company’s Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) efforts and other strategic initiatives. In connection with this transition, Mr. Martin decided to step down from his position as Chief Accounting Officer, effective immediately.
(c) On August 25, 2025, the Company appointed Patricia Grech to serve as its Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) effective immediately. Ms. Grech, age 53, served as Vice President, Finance and Controller of the Company since December 2022 and as Vice President, Finance of the Company from May 2017 to December 2022. She served in various other finance and accounting positions since joining the Company in 2006. Ms. Grech holds a B.S. in Accountancy and Finance from Miami University of Ohio and an M.B.A. from The Ohio State University. There was not and is not any arrangement or understanding between Ms. Grech and any other person pursuant to which she was selected to this position, and there are no transactions involving the Company and Ms. Grech that are required to be reported pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
In connection with her promotion, Ms. Grech will receive a base salary of $380,546 per year, and her target bonus under the Company’s Annual Cash Incentive Plan will increase to 35% of her base salary beginning in fiscal year 2026. She will also receive a promotion grant of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of $85,000. Ms. Grech will be eligible to participate in standard Company benefit programs available to similarly situated employees (such as health care coverage, participation in the non-qualified deferred compensation plan (with Company match) and the charitable contribution matching program), subject to standard limitations.