Item 5.02.    Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(c) On January 22, 2024, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of QUALCOMM Incorporated (the “Company”), appointed Akash Palkhiwala, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, to also serve as the Company’s Chief Operating Officer, effective immediately.  In this expanded role, Mr. Palkhiwala will now also be responsible for the global go-to-market organization and operations.  Mr. Palkhiwala will continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, a position he has held since November 2019.  Information regarding Mr. Palkhiwala, including his business experience, is set forth in the “Information about our Executive Officers” section of the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1, 2023.  There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Palkhiwala and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed Chief Operating Officer.  There are no family relationships between Mr. Palkhiwala and any director or any other executive officer of the Company, and he has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
In connection with Mr. Palkhiwala’s appointment as Chief Operating Officer, on January 22, 2024, the HR and Compensation Committee of the Board approved the following additional compensation for him, effective immediately: (i) Mr. Palkhiwala received an increase in base salary of $150,000 per year, and (ii) Mr. Palkhiwala received grants of performance stock units and restricted stock units having an aggregate grant date fair value of $3,000,000, with the weighting and vesting of those awards consistent with our standard practices.  Mr. Palkhiwala will also continue to be eligible to participate in standard Company benefit programs available to similarly situated officers (including, but not limited to, health care coverage, and the employee stock purchase plan, 401(k) plan, non-qualified deferred compensation plan and charitable contribution matching program), subject to standard limitations.