Item 5.03.    Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
On July 18, 2023, the Board of Directors (the Board) of QUALCOMM Incorporated (the Company) approved the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the Amended and Restated Bylaws), which became effective the same day. Among other things, the Amended and Restated Bylaws:
•
Update the procedural mechanics and disclosure requirements relating to director nominations submitted by stockholders, particularly as a result of the effectiveness of Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Rule 14a-19), the Securities and Exchange Commission rule regarding the use of “universal” proxy cards in contested director elections, by, among other things:
◦
requiring that any stockholder submitting a nomination provide certain representations regarding engaging in a solicitation with respect to such nomination and provide certain related documentation and confirmations pursuant to Rule 14a-19;
◦
requiring that any stockholder soliciting proxies in accordance with the representations of Rule 14a-19 notify the Company of any change in such intent within two business days;
◦
requiring stockholders to submit completed and signed questionnaires with respect to themselves and their nominees, promptly provide any additional information as the Company may reasonably request and notify the Company if any information provided ceases for any reason to be accurate or complete in any material respect;
◦
requiring that a stockholder indirectly or directly soliciting proxies from other stockholders use a proxy card color other than white; and
◦
clarifying how votes of stockholders are treated by the Company in the event proxies for disqualified or withdrawn nominees for the Board are received.
•
Clarify procedures regarding stockholder lists as a result of recent amendments to the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Additional amendments were made to make clarifying or conforming language changes, in addition to technical or ministerial changes. The foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, which are included as Exhibit 3.2 to this report and incorporated into this Current Report on Form 8-K.
Item 9.01.    Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
Exhibit No.
Description
3.2
Amended and Restated Bylaws of QUALCOMM Incorporated (effective as of July 18, 2023).
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101.